23890098	Shlykov, a hard-working taxi driver and Lyosha, a saxophonist, develop a bizarre love-hate relationship, and despite their prejudices, realize they aren't so different after all.
31186339	The nation of Panem consists of a wealthy Capitol and twelve poorer districts. As punishment for a past rebellion, each district must provide a boy and girl  between the ages of 12 and 18 selected by lottery  for the annual Hunger Games. The tributes must fight to the death in an arena; the sole survivor is rewarded with fame and wealth. In her first Reaping, 12-year-old Primrose Everdeen is chosen from District 12. Her older sister Katniss volunteers to take her place. Peeta Mellark, a baker's son who once gave Katniss bread when she was starving, is the other District 12 tribute. Katniss and Peeta are taken to the Capitol, accompanied by their frequently drunk mentor, past victor Haymitch Abernathy. He warns them about the "Career" tributes who train intensively at special academies and almost always win. During a TV interview with Caesar Flickerman, Peeta unexpectedly reveals his love for Katniss. She is outraged, believing it to be a ploy to gain audience support, as "sponsors" may provide in-Games gifts of food, medicine, and tools. However, she discovers Peeta meant what he said. The televised Games begin with half of the tributes killed in the first few minutes; Katniss barely survives ignoring Haymitch's advice to run away from the melee over the tempting supplies and weapons strewn in front of a structure called the Cornucopia. Peeta forms an uneasy alliance with the four Careers. They later find Katniss and corner her up a tree. Rue, hiding in a nearby tree, draws her attention to a poisonous tracker jacker nest hanging from a branch. Katniss drops it on her sleeping besiegers. They all scatter, except for Glimmer, who is killed by the insects. Hallucinating due to tracker jacker venom, Katniss is warned to run away by Peeta. Rue cares for Katniss for a couple of days until she recovers. Meanwhile, the alliance has gathered all the supplies into a pile. Katniss has Rue draw them off, then destroys the stockpile by setting off the mines planted around it. Furious, Cato kills the boy assigned to guard it. As Katniss runs from the scene, she hears Rue calling her name. She finds Rue trapped and releases her. Marvel, a tribute from District 1, throws a spear at Katniss, but she dodges the spear, causing it to stab Rue in the stomach instead. Katniss shoots him dead with an arrow. She then comforts the dying Rue with a song. Afterward, she gathers and arranges flowers around Rue's body. When this is televised, it sparks a riot in Rue's District 11. President Snow summons Seneca Crane, the Gamemaker, to express his displeasure at the way the Games are turning out. Since Katniss and Peeta have been presented to the public as "star-crossed lovers", Haymitch is able to convince Crane to make a rule change to avoid inciting further riots. It is announced that tributes from the same district can win as a pair. Upon hearing this, Katniss searches for Peeta and finds him with an infected sword wound in the leg. She portrays herself as deeply in love with him and gains a sponsor's gift of soup. An announcer proclaims a feast, where the thing each survivor needs most will be provided. Peeta begs her not to risk getting him medicine. Katniss promises not to go, but after he falls asleep, she heads to the feast. Clove ambushes her and pins her down. As Clove gloats, Thresh, the other District 11 tribute, kills Clove after overhearing her tormenting Katniss about killing Rue. He spares Katniss "just this time...for Rue". The medicine works, keeping Peeta mobile. Foxface, the girl from District 5, dies from eating nightlock berries she stole from Peeta; neither knew they are highly poisonous. Crane changes the time of day in the arena to late at night and unleashes a pack of hound-like creatures to speed things up. They kill Thresh and force Katniss and Peeta to flee to the roof of the Cornucopia, where they encounter Cato. After a battle, Katniss wounds Cato with an arrow and Peeta hurls him to the creatures below. Katniss shoots Cato to spare him a prolonged death. With Peeta and Katniss apparently victorious, the rule change allowing two winners is suddenly revoked. Peeta tells Katniss to shoot him. Instead, she gives him half of the nightlock. However, before they can commit suicide, they are hastily proclaimed the victors of the 74th Hunger Games. Haymitch warns Katniss that she has made powerful enemies after her display of defiance. She and Peeta return to District 12, while Crane is locked in a room with a bowl of nightlock berries, and President Snow considers the situation.
20663735	Poovalli Induchoodan  is sentenced for six years prison life for murdering his classmate. Induchoodan, the only son of Justice Maranchery Karunakara Menon  was framed in the case by Manapally Madhavan Nambiar  and his crony DYSP Sankaranarayanan  to take revenge on idealist judge Menon who had earlier given jail sentence to Manapally in a corruption case. Induchoodan, who had achieved top rank in Indian Civil Service loses the post and Manapally Sudheeran ([[Saikumar  enters the list of civil service trainees. We learn in flashback that it was Ramakrishnan  the son of Moopil Nair , who had actually killed his classmate. Six years passes by and Manapally Madhavan Nambiar, now a former state minister, is dead and Induchoodan, who is all rage at the gross injustice meted out to him - thus destroying his promising life, is released from prison. Induchoodan thwarts Manapally Pavithran  from performing the funeral rituals of Nambiar at Bharathapuzha. Many confrontations between Induchoodan and Manapally's henchmen follow. Induchoodan also falls in love with Anuradha ([[Aishwarya , the strong-willed and independent-minded daughter of Mooppil Nair. Justice Menon and his wife returns back to Kerala to stay with Induchoodan. There is an appearance of a girl named Indulekha ([[Kanaka , who claims to be the daughter of Justice Menon. Menon flatly refuses the claim and banishes her. Forced by circumstances and at the instigation and help of Manapally Pavithran, she reluctantly come out open with the claim. Induchoodan at first thrashes the protesters. But upon knowing the truth from Chandrabhanu his uncle, he accepts the task of her protection in the capacity as elder brother. Induchoodan decides to marry off Indulekha to his good friend Jayakrishnan . Induchoodan has a confrontation with his father and prods him to accept mistake and acknowledge the parentage of Indulekha. Menon ultimately regrets and goes on to confess to his daughter. The very next day, when Induchoodan returns to Poovally, Indulekha is found dead and Menon is accused of murdering her. The whole act was planned by Pavithran, who after killing Indulekha, forces Raman Nair  to testify against Menon in court. In court, Nandagopal Maarar , a close friend of Induchoodan and a famous supreme court lawyer, appears for Menon and manages to lay bare the murder plot and hidden intentions of other party . Menon is judged innocent of the crime by court. After confronting Pavithran and promising just retribution to the crime of killing Indulekha, Induchoodan returns to his father, who now shows remorse for all his actions including not believing in the innocence of his son. But while speaking to Induchoodan, Menon suffers a heart stroke and passes away. At Menon's funeral, Manapally Pavithran arrives to poke fun at Induchoodan and he also tries to carry out the postponed last rituals of his own father. Induchoodan interrupts the ritual and avenges for the death of his sister and father by severely injuring Pavithran. On his way back to peaceful life, Induchoodan accepts Anuradha as his life partner.
2231378	The Lemon Drop Kid , a New York City swindler, is illegally touting horses at a Florida racetrack. After several successful hustles, the Kid comes across a beautiful, but gullible, woman intending to bet a lot of money. The Kid convinces her to switch her bet, employing a prefabricated con. Unfortunately for the Kid, the woman "belongs" to notorious gangster Moose Moran , as does the money. The Kid's choice finishes dead last and a furious Moran demands the Kid provide him with $10,000  by Christmas Eve, or the Kid "won't make it to New Year's." The Kid decides to return to New York to try to come up with the money. He first tries his on-again, off-again girlfriend Brainy Baxter . However, when talk of long-term commitment arises, the Kid quickly makes an escape. He next visits local crime boss "Oxford" Charley , with whom he has had past dealings. This falls through as Charley is in serious tax trouble and does not particularly care for the Kid anyway. As he leaves Charley's establishment and is about to give up hope, the Kid notices a cornerside Santa Claus and his kettle. Thinking quickly, the Kid fashions himself a Santa suit and begins collecting donations. This fails as he is recognized by a passing policeman, who remembers his previous underhanded activity well. The Kid lands in court, where he is convicted of collecting for a charity without a license and sentenced to ten days in jail . However, while in court, the Kid learns where his scheme went wrong. After a short stay, Brainy arrives to bail him out. He then sets about restarting his Santa operation, this time with legitimate backing. To this end, he needs a charity to represent and a city license. The kid receives key inspiration when he remembers that Nellie Thursday , a kindly neighborhood resident, has been denied entry to a retirement home because of her jailed husband's criminal past as a safecracker. Organizing other small-time New York swindlers and Brainy, who is both surprised and charmed at the Kid's apparent goodwill, the Kid converts an abandoned casino  into the "Nellie Thursday Home For Old Dolls". A small group of elderly women and makeshift amenities complete the project. The Kid is able to receive the all-important city license. Now free to collect, the Kid and his compatriots dress as Santa Claus and position themselves throughout Manhattan. The others are unaware that the Kid plans to keep the money for himself to pay off Moran. The scheme is a huge success, netting $2,000 in only a few days. An overjoyed Brainy decides to leave her job as a dancer and look after the "home" full-time until after Christmas. Coincidentally, her employer is none other than "Oxford" Charley, whom Brainy cheerfully informs of the effort. Seeing a potential gold mine, Charley decides to muscle in on the operation. Reasoning that the Nellie Thursday home is "wherever Nellie Thursday is", Charley and his crew kidnap the home's inhabitants  and move them to Charley's mansion in Nyack. The Kid learns of this when he returns to the home after a late night to find the home deserted and money  gone. Clued in by oversized Oxford footprints in the snow, the Kid and his friends pay Charley a visit. Here, Charley reveals the true nature of the Kid's scheme through a phone conversation with Moose Moran. The Kid's accomplices are angry and move to confront him, but the Kid manages to slip away. However, Brainy tracks him down outside and voices her disgust at his actions. After a few days of stewing in self-pity , the Kid is surprised to meet Nellie, who has escaped Charley's compound. He decides to recover the money, sneaking into Charley's home in the guise of an elderly woman. He finds that Charley and his crew are again moving the women, this time to a more secure location. Using the heightened activity to his advantage, the Kid enters Charley's office and confronts him. After a brief struggle, the Kid overpowers Charley and makes off with the money, narrowly avoiding the thugs Charley has sent after him. The ensuing chaos allows Brainy and the others to escape. Later that night, the Kid returns to the original Nellie Thursday home to meet with Moose Moran . The deal appears to be in jeopardy as Moran arrives with Charley. Charley demands that the Kid reimburse him, which would leave too little for Moran. However, the Kid turns the tables by hitting a switch, revealing hidden casino tables. All are occupied, mainly by the escaped old dolls. The Kid and his still-loyal friends hold off the gangsters as the police initiate a raid. Moran and Charley are arrested while the judge who sentenced the Kid earlier warns that he will be "keeping an eye on him". The Kid assures him that will not be necessary and his attention will lie on the home, which is going to become a reality. The night's main event begins as Nellie's husband Henry, free on parole, joyously reunites with his wife.
595909	Seventh-day Adventist Church pastor Michael Chamberlain, his wife Lindy, their two sons, and their nine-week-old daughter Azaria are on a camping holiday in the Outback. With the baby sleeping in their tent, the family is enjoying a barbecue with their fellow campers when a cry is heard. Lindy returns to the tent to check on Azaria and is certain she sees a dingo with something in its mouth running off as she approaches. When she discovers the infant is missing, everyone joins forces to search for her, without success. It is assumed what Lindy saw was the animal carrying off the child, and a subsequent inquest rules her account of events is true. The tide of public opinion soon turns against the Chamberlains. For many, Lindy seems too stoic, too cold-hearted, and too accepting of the disaster that has befallen her. Gossip about her begins to swell and soon is accepted as statements of fact. The couple's beliefs are not widely practised in the country, and when the media report a rumour that the name Azaria means "sacrifice in the wilderness" , the public is quick to believe they decapitated their baby with a pair of scissors as part of a bizarre religious rite. Law-enforcement officials find new witnesses, forensics experts, and a lot of circumstantial evidence—including a small wooden coffin Michael uses as a receptacle for his parishioners' packs of un-smoked cigarettes—and reopen the investigation, and eventually Lindy is charged with murder. Seven months pregnant, she ignores her attorneys' advice to play on the jury's sympathy and appears emotionless on the stand, convincing onlookers she is guilty of the crime of which she is accused. As the trial progresses, Michael's faith in his religion and his belief in his wife disintegrate, and he stumbles through his testimony, suggesting he is concealing the truth. In October 1982, Lindy is found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment with hard labour, while Michael is found guilty as an accessory and given an 18-month suspended sentence. More than three years later, while searching for the body of an English tourist who fell from Uluru, police discover a small item of clothing that is identified as the jacket Lindy had insisted Azaria was wearing over her jumpsuit, which had been recovered early in the investigation. She is immediately released from prison, the case reopened and all convictions against the Chamberlains overturned.
5272176	The president is on his way to give a speech. While he is traveling there a man shows up with a camera. A reporter tries to ask a member of the secret service a question. When the president enters he is shot by the man with the camera. The president's main bodyguard, Alex Thomas , is grazed by the bullet that hits the president. The shooter is gunned down by Alex and other secret service agents. The president dies at the hospital. Kate Crawford , an investigative journalist, starts asking questions about the assassination. Anyone she questions is killed. She goes to Alex Thomas's house to tell him what is happening. As they head to his boat, Thomas sees some men hiding in the bushes. He throws Kate into the water and dives in. Thomas jumps out of the water to kill two of the hitmen while a third hitman drives off to inform his boss what happened. They are able to link the hitmen to a man called Jack Baldwin . Agent Thomas and other Secret Service members attack the location of Jack Baldwin. Baldwin escapes but is later caught by Thomas. Thomas and Crawford are suspicious of Vaughan Stevens , Agent Thomas's boss, who had previous links to Baldwin. While reviewing film of the assassination at his house, Thomas discovers that Stevens handed the assassin a gun during the president's entrance. Thomas leaves to find Stevens while Kate stays at his house. When Thomas arrives at Stevens' home he finds him dead. Before entering, Thomas sees a car leaving the house. He then receives a call that Baldwin has escaped. Kate is attacked by Baldwin but Thomas arrives and kills Baldwin. Thomas arrives at the first lady's  home to see the car that left Steven's house pulling away. Thomas discovers that the first lady wanted her husband killed - due to the fact that the President was being unfaithful to her. A few weeks later Kate and Thomas have dinner. Thomas says that he still doesn't know who wanted the President dead.
1952976	{{plot}} The film opens in 1974, as a young girl, Dahlia, stands outside after school in the rain, waiting for her mother. Flash forward to 2005, we see a grown-up Dahlia  in the midst of a bitter mediation with ex-husband, Kyle , over custody of their daughter, Cecilia . Kyle wants Cecilia to live closer to his apartment in Jersey City, but Dahlia wants to move to Roosevelt Island, where she has found a good school. Kyle threatens to sue for full custody because he feels the distance is too great. He also claims that Dahlia is "mentally unstable." Dahlia and Cecilia see an apartment in a complex on Roosevelt Island, which is just a few blocks from Cecilia's new school. The superintendent of the dilapidated building is Mr. Veeck . The manager is Mr. Murray . During the tour, Cecilia sneaks to the roof where she finds a Hello Kitty backpack near a large water tank. They leave the bag with Veeck, and Murray promises Cecilia that she can have it if no one claims it. Cecilia, who had disliked the apartment, now wants desperately to live there. Dahlia agrees to move in. Shortly after, the bedroom ceiling begins to leak dark water. The source is the apartment above, 10F, where the Rimsky family lived up until a month ago. Dahlia enters 10F and finds it flooded, with dark water flowing from every faucet, the walls and toilet. She finds a family portrait of the former tenants—a mother, father, and a girl Cecilia's age. Dahlia complains to both Veeck and Murray about the water, but the former does little about it despite the insistence of the latter. Dahlia soon has dreams of a little girl who appears to be Cecilia returning from a visit to her father's home, but the girl's appearance changes every time Dahlia looks away, so that she looks like the girl in the portrait in 10F. Cecilia has started school, but according to her new teacher , she isn't fitting in and is spending too much time with an imaginary friend, named Natasha. A psychologist is recommended, but Dahlia declines and tells Cecilia to ignore Natasha. Although Veeck had said it was claimed, Dahlia discovers the Hello Kitty backpack in the laundry room's garbage. Cecilia later finds it in the elevator. The name in the backpack reads "Natasha Rimsky". The ceiling, shoddily patched by Veeck, leaks again. At school, Cecilia appears to get into a fight with Natasha, who appears to control her hand while painting. She's taken to the girls' bathroom where she passes out after dark water gushes from the toilets and sinks. Dahlia, who is meeting with her lawyer, can't be reached, so Kyle picks her up and takes her to his apartment. Dahlia breaks down when she can't find her daughter and has strange dreams. These lead her to the roof and up the ladder of the water tank, where she finds Natasha's body. When police arrive, they discover that Natasha's father thought she was with her mother, while the mother thought the girl was with her father. The girl was left alone in the abandoned apartment and fell into the water tank, which Veeck had left open. He was aware of her body, which was why he refused to fix the water problem plaguing the complex. Veeck is arrested and Murray is questioned. Dahlia agrees to move closer to Kyle so shared custody will go easier. As Dahlia packs, Cecilia is taking a bath. A girl in a hooded bathrobe comes out of the bathroom, wanting Dahlia to read to her. When she hears voices in the bathroom, she realizes that the girl is Natasha. Natasha begs Dahlia not to leave her, but Dahlia rushes into the bathroom to save Cecilia. Natasha then locks Cecilia in the shower compartment and holds her underwater. Dahlia pleads with Natasha, promising to be her mother forever. Natasha lets Cecilia go and floods the apartment, causing Dahlia to die from drowning. Her and Natasha's spirits are shown walking down the hallway. Kyle picks up Cecilia from the police station. Weeks later, the two go back to pick up the rest of her stuff. Cecilia has a flashback of her and her mother looking at pictures together, and in the elevator, her mother's ghost braids her hair and comforts her—telling her she will always be there. Kyle, momentarily horrified with a malfunction in the elevator, the weird behavior of his daughter, and perhaps noticing her hair had been braided, finally takes her to his apartment in Jersey City.
24225279	The story begins with Hannah, a young Jewish teen, as she is completing her senior year of high school. Her small neighborhood in Brooklyn is falling apart and SING! is one of the only traditions keeping the neighborhood alive. Newly arrived teacher, Miss Lombardo grew up in the neighborhood but returned to be their Sing Leader. One cold Christmas night, Miss Lombardo is leaving a neighborhood party when a young man hails her a cab, then attempts to mug her. In self defense, she bites his hand to release his grip and he screams in pain and terror, quickly making an exit. The cab driver jokes about not starting the meter yet. On the first day of school, Miss Lombardo runs into difficulty when her students are uninterested and misbehaved. One such student was named Dominic who gets scolded for bringing stolen watches to school grounds and putting his feet up on the desk. On the day of Sing Leader elections, Miss Lombardo recognizes Dominic as her mugger by the bandage on his hand and decides to blackmail him into being co-Sing Leader of the Senior class along with Hannah, who was rightfully elected. The school kids work hard to plan their Sing productions. Hannah and Dominic clash along the way as Hannah uses traditional Sing planning strategies while Dominic wants to introduce the flavor of the youth in the neighborhood. In order to put Dominic and Hannah on the same page, Miss Lombardo suggests that Hannah accompany Dominic to a local club. At first, the two are equally hesitant but Hannah agrees on the terms that it is not a date. However, by the end of the night, Hannah uses Dominic to make her ex boyfriend, Mickey, jealous, and due to this, Hannah and Dominic start seeing each other in a different light. Dominic accompanies Hannah on her walk home and the two share a romantic kiss. Once the two are finally uniting and getting along, the Dept. of Education informs the school that it will close its doors forever at the end of this semester and therefore, there will not be enough resources for them to complete this year's Sing. This fuels the kids to work even harder on their productions and the neighborhood comes together even more to help finance the show, despite the school authorities' ban. Ironically, just as things are starting to look up, Dominic reluctantly accompanies his brother on a robbery of Hannah's mother's diner, their sole source of income which already was at risk of failure due to the school's upcoming closure. A classmate saw Dominic standing outside the diner at the time of the crime and informed Hannah of what he saw. Devastated, Hannah confronts Dominic and he promises to get the money back for her. He then steals the money back from his brother and returns it to the diner, restoring Hannah's faith in him. The recent events had discouraged Dominic from fulfilling his co-Sing leader duties and he had been skipping out on rehearsals. In a moment of great need as the senior's main performer falls unconscious, Dominic steps in to save the show. He sheds his bad-boy demeanor and exceeds all expectations. The underclassmen and seniors perform to a record-high sold out audience. At the end of the show, Hannah makes a moving speech motivating the community to rejoice and always remember that despite compromising circumstances, they completed a successful Sing and proved their community's worth.
2462689	Infuriated at being told to write one final column after being laid off from her newspaper job, Ann Mitchell  prints a letter from a fictional unemployed "John Doe" threatening suicide on Christmas Eve in protest of society's ills. When the note causes a sensation and the paper's competition suspects a fraud and starts to investigate, the newspaper editor rehires Mitchell who comes up with a scheme of hiding the fictional nature of "John Doe" while exploiting the sensation caused by the fake letter to boost the newspaper's sales, for which she demands a bonus equal to 8 months' pay. After reviewing a number of derelicts who have shown up at the paper claiming to have penned the original suicide letter, Mitchell and editor Henry Connell  hire John Willoughby , a former baseball player and tramp who is in need of money to repair his injured arm, to play John Doe. Mitchell now starts to pen an article series in Doe's name, elaborating on the letter's ideas of society's disregard of people in need. Willoughby gets $50, a new suit of clothes, and a plush hotel suite with his tramp friend , who launches into an extended diatribe against "the heelots", lots of heels who incessantly focus on getting money from others. Willoughby is hired to give radio speeches, guided by Mitchell who is promised $100 a week to write his speeches, paid by the newspaper's publisher, D.B. Norton ([[Edward Arnold . Willoughby turns down a $5,000 bribe to admit the whole thing was a publicity stunt, gives Mitchell's speech, and dashes off to the countryside with "The Colonel". They ride the rails, playing the harmonica and ocarina until they show up in Millsville, where John Doe is recognized at a diner. He's brought to City Hall, where he's met by Hanson, who gives a five-minute monologue about how he was inspired to start a local John Doe club. The John Doe philosophy spreads across the country, developing into a broad grassroots movement whose simple slogan is, "Be a better neighbor". Far from being an altruistic philanthropist, however, Norton plans to channel the support for Doe into support for his own national political ambitions. As a culmination of this plan, Norton has instructed Mitchell to write a speech for Willoughby in which he announces the foundation of a new political party and endorses Norton as its presidential candidate. When Willoughby, who has come to believe in the John Doe philosophy himself, realizes that he is being used, he tries to expose the plot, but is first stymied in his attempts to talk his own mind to a nationwide radio audience at the rally instead of reading the prepared speech, and then exposed as a fake by Norton, who claims to have been deceived, like everyone else, by the staff of the newspaper. Frustrated by his failure, Willoughby intends to commit suicide by jumping from the roof of the City Hall on Christmas Eve, as indicated in the original John Doe letter. Only the intervention of Mitchell and followers of the John Doe clubs persuades him to renege on his threat to kill himself. At this point in the movie, a reference to Jesus Christ is made, that a historical "John Doe" has already died for the sake of humanity. The film ends with Connell turning to Norton and saying, "There you are, Norton! The people! Try and lick that!"
20532852	A line of people  drool at the window of the shop of market butcher Buzz Buzzard. A short series of gags ensues about how Buzz dishonestly  "jacks" up all his prices. Since Woody is broke as usual, he sneaks in and gets thrown out by Buzz. On the way out, Woody collides with a bottle of invisible ink and turns partially invisible. Buzz can only see parts of Woody's body, and, in a somewhat gruesome scene, thinks that he's been dismembered, so he sweeps him into a trap door to get rid of him. When Woody awakes, he realizes what is happening, and he douses himself with the rest of the ink in order to pose as a ghost.
15401493	Lola  attempts to gain her father's trust fund  by hiring a Hispanic husband, Bo , offering him $100,000 per year if he marries her. Bo accepts, and then departs from his Texas home and returns with Lola to her home in New Mexico. Lola finds out he is in fact Caucasian. Lola's best friend, Nina , and Bo's brother  join the trip, as does Bo's girlfriend, Nikki , and her clumsy friend, Dotty , in secret. When introduced to Bo, Lola's father, Victor , refuses to allow them to get married, until Bo convinces him by playing an antique guitar. In the mean time, Lola's ex-fiancé, Marco , and his secret girlfriend, Simona , who is also Lola's sister trying to keep her from having the inheritance, plot against Lola in order to gain the trust fund for themselves. Throughout the course of the story, Lola and Bo actually fall for each other. However, after Simona discovers Bo and Lola have a plot of their own, she uses Nikki to ruin the plot. However, before Nikki could do any damage, Victor and Bo get into an argument, which has both Lola and her father kick Bo out. In response, Lola's ex-fiancé is able to win back Lola's heart, but Lola only agrees for the money. Later that night, Nikki and Bo discover Simona and Marco's plot and are consequently held prisoner, so they may not warn anyone. However, Nikki's clumsy friend Dotty finds Nikki and Bo, frees them, and Bo is able to warn Lola. Still angry about the previous night, Lola kicks Bo out once more and proceeds to marry for the money. Fortunately for her, she trusts Bo's words and turns the tables on Simona and Marco, and also turns down the money from her father and departs, claiming that money ruined the family long before that day. She does not want the money if it means turning into a selfish and greedy person like her father.  At the end of the film, Bo is working as a bartender, where Lola manages to find him. They reconcile and show their love for each other once again, and they remain together and happy.
18188932	Milan and Goran are two criminals who smuggle illegal immigrants. One night after they complete a smuggle, they discover that one of the immigrants has left a baby behind. Milan and Goran decide to sell the baby to Lubos and Eman, who are responsible for running an illegal baby adoption center. Lubos and Eman make attempts to sell the baby to Miluska and Frantisek, a barren couple. Concurrently a university professor is diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor, setting into action a complicated train of family reunions, partings, and conflicts.
2940516	Bumbling pirate crewman  kills his captain after learning where he has hidden buried treasure. However as he begins to lose his memory, he relies more and more on the ghost of the man he's murdered to help him find the treasure. This film provided a reunion of sorts for Sellers with his onetime Goon Show colleague Spike Milligan, who appears halfway through the film.
1335380	The film is based on the events that happened on the ship Exodus in 1947 as well as events dealing with the founding of the state of Israel in 1948. Nurse Katherine "Kitty" Fremont  is an American volunteer at the Karaolos internment camp on Cyprus, where thousands of Jews - Holocaust survivors - are being held by the British, who won't let them go to Palestine. They anxiously wait for the day they will be liberated. Ari Ben Canaan , a Hagannah rebel who previously was a captain in the Jewish Brigade of the British Army in the Second World War, obtains a cargo ship and smuggles 611 Jewish inmates out of the camp for an illegal voyage to Mandate Palestine before being discovered by military authorities. When the British find out that the refugees are in a ship in the harbor of Famagusta, they blockade it. The refugees stage a hunger strike, during which the camp's doctor dies, and Ari threatens to blow up the ship and the refugees. The British relent and allow the Exodus safe passage. Meanwhile, Kitty has grown very fond of Karen Hansen , a young Danish-Jewish girl searching for her father, from whom she was separated during the war. She has taken up the Zionist cause, much to the chagrin of Kitty, who had hoped to take young Karen to America so that she can begin a new life there. During this time, opposition to the partition of Palestine into Arab and Jewish states is heating up, and Karen's young beau Dov Landau  proclaims his desire to join the Irgun, a radical Zionist underground network. Dov goes to an Irgun address, only to get caught in a police trap. After he is freed, he is contacted by members of the Irgun and is interviewed by Ari Ben Canaan's uncle Akiva . Before swearing Dov in, Akiva forces the boy to confess that he was a Sonderkommando in Auschwitz and that he was raped by Nazis. Due to his activities, Akiva has been disowned by Ari's father, Barak , who heads the mainstream Jewish Agency trying to create a Jewish state through political and diplomatic means. He fears that the Irgun will damage his efforts, especially since the British have put a price on Akiva's head. When Dov successfully bombs the King David Hotel in an act of terrorism, leading to dozens of fatalities, Akiva is arrested and sentenced to hang. Meanwhile, Karen's father has been found, but he is ill in hospital in Jerusalem and does not recognize her. Karen has gone to live at Gan Dafna, a fictional Jewish kibbutz near Mount Tabor at which Ari was raised. An actual kibbutz named Dafna is located near the present Lebanese border. Kitty and Ari have fallen in love, but uncle Akiva's imprisonment is an obstacle, and Ari must devise a plan to free the prisoners. Dov Landau, who had managed to elude the arresting soldiers, turns himself in so that he can use his knowledge of explosives to rig the Acre prison and plan an escape route. All goes according to plan; hundreds of prisoners, including Akiva, manage to escape. For the historical incident on which this is based, see Acre Prison break. Akiva is fatally shot by British soldiers while evading a roadblock set up to catch the escaped prisoners. Ari is also badly wounded. He makes his way to Abu Yesha, an Arab village near Gan Dafna, where his lifelong friend, Taha,  is the mukhtar. Kitty is brought there and treats his wound. An independent Israel is now in plain view, but Arab nationals commanded by Mohammad Amin al-Husayni, the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem, plot to attack Gan Dafna and kill its villagers. Ari receives prior warning of this attack from Taha, and he manages to get the younger children of the town out in a mass overnight escape. Karen, ecstatic over the prospect of a new nation, finds Dov  and proclaims her love for him; Dov assures her that they will marry someday. As Karen returns to Gan Dafna, she is ambushed and killed by a gang of Arab militiamen. Dov discovers her lifeless body the following morning. That same day, the body of Taha is found hanging in his village, killed by Arab extremists with a Star of David symbol carved on his body. Karen and Taha are buried together in one grave. At the Jewish burial ceremony, Ari swears on their bodies that someday, Jews and Arabs will live together and share the land in peace, not only in death but also in life. The movie then ends with Ari, Kitty, and a Palmach contingent entering trucks and heading toward battle.
1480747	{{plot}} Following the sudden death of Kid's father "Pop" the local church has donated a scholarship fund to Kid so that he can go to college. Play now drives a sports car called "Foreplay" and is the manager of a record store. He attracts the attention of music producer Shelia Landreaux whose talent scout Rick spotted Kid N' Play performing at a community center. Shelia is willing to help finance Kid N'Play's demo session if they can commit to taking the act to the top of the charts. Kid however immediately backs out because he can't commit to the act and go to school, causing a rift between the two friends. Kid and Sydney both move into new student accommodations where Kid's room mate is Jamal, a white rapper and Sydney moves in with Zora, a strong minded female student who embraces strong political correctness. Meanwhile, Play meets a beautiful older woman named Salena who he flirts with and offers to help her with any thing she needs. Unfortunately, Bilal arrives and causes Play to stop flirting with Salena but she assures him that she'll back. Zora encourages Sydney to take courses that focus on more feminist perspectives and slowly Kid and Sydney begin to drift apart. While buying books for his studies, Kid's tuition cheque bounces and he is sent to the finance office where first he meets Miles, the Dean's assistant who tells him not to be intimidated. Kid calls Play  about his money and Play quickly assures him that his money is in a safe place. Back on campus, Kid then meets Dean Kramer who destroys Kid's student ID and gives him a week to pay his tuition fee. Miles tells Kid he can "hook him up" with an extension by getting his friend to make changes on the main computer for a small price. Kid gives Miles all the money he has left for the hook up. Meanwhile, Shelia Landreaux approaches Play after Rick apparently takes off with the money that was supposedly for Kid n' Play's demo session so he can clear his gambling debts. Play hesitantly gives Shelia Kid's scholarship cheque and faces a grilling from Bilal. Kid arrives later on demanding answers from Play as to the whereabouts of his money. Play comes clean to Kid and convinces him to ride to the recording studio where he promises Shelia will be with the money. Kid, Play and Bilal arrive at "Do Me Records" but are denied access into the building as the secretary has not heard of the names Shelia Landreaux or Play. Play is then confronted by Stab, Zilla and Pee Wee who want to know when they are going to record their demo. The trio were led to believe that Shelia gave Play their money for their demo session. As everyone argues the police arrive and warn them never to give money to any women by the name of Shelia Landreaux who also goes by several other alias'. Kid and Play get into a fight and Bilal then convinces Kid to ask Sydney for money. Kid tries to approache Sydney but Sydney assumes that he wants to break up with her. Kid doesn't know how to tell her why he really approached her so the two decide to stop seeing each other. Kid takes a job in the faculty dining hall to make ends meet. Things get worse when his lecturer, Professor Sinclair, gives him a week to write a 20 page paper or face failing his class. However without a student ID and with Stab, Zilla and Pee Wee working as campus security Kid can no longer get into the library or cafeteria and relies on Jamal for support as he balances work and study. Meanwhile, Play's new girlfriend Salena comes by angry at Play for not calling her about the demo. He assures her he'll let her know as soon as possible. Later, Bilal, who frequently convinces Play to give him personal discounts on records reminds him one day that "sometimes you've gotta pay what you owe". Play then approaches Kid with a plan to make the money back: A Pajama party where men pay entry fee and women "appropriately dressed" get in for free. However, Play and Bilal run amok on campus such as Bilal having sex with a stranger girl and Kid walking in on Play and Salena in his dorm. Play wants to hold the party in the faculty dining hall which would mean Kid having to get the key and risk getting into trouble with his boss Mr Lee. Kid is against this idea and instead tries to reconcile with Sydney but sees her getting close to Miles at a protest rally. After Mr Lee is informed that Kid is no longer a student he is dismissed of his duties and sent back to Dean Kramer. Kid manages to get his deadline extended another week giving him enough time to plan for the party. Kid, Play, Bilal and Jamal begin spreading word on campus about the party. Later on the party is in full swing. Sydney arrives hoping to talk to Kid but after seeing him getting close to another student she decides to go with Miles. Zora is approached by Rick and Shelia who is now going by another alias. While Kid N'Play perform on stage, Kid is distracted by Miles who forces Sydney into drinking beer. He jumps off stage to rescue Sydney. Play spots Shelia and Rick and chases after them. Zora knocks Shelia out with a punch to the face while Sydney tries to get away from Miles. Miles eventually lets go off Sydney and runs off with Kid in hot pursuit. A chase occurs around the building involving Kid, Miles, Rick, Play and campus security. Kid finally confronts Miles on the roof who tries to swing at Kid but falls through the glass roof and lands flat in huge cake. The party is eventually stopped by Dean Kramer and the police. Miles tries to escape but he is caught by Stab, Zilla, and Pee-Wee. The police try to arrest them but Play explains the whole situation to Dean Kramer, who promptly fires Miles and has Rick and Shelia arrested instead. He then tells Kid that the room needs to be changed back to the way it was by morning or face expulsion. As Kid, Play, Bilal and Jamal frantically clean up Kid is approached by Mr Lee. A reluctant Play gives Kid the money they made and Kid hands it over to Mr Lee hoping it will pay for the damages. The next day Kid informs Mr Lee and then Professor Sinclair of his departure citing that he hadn't proven he belonged at college. Professor Sinclair had thought otherwise revealing he had given Kid an A minus for his 20 page paper. He offers Kid a job as his teaching assistant but Kid declines because it wouldn't cover all his expenses. Kid heads over to Pops grave where he apologizes for letting him down. Play attempts to talk to Kid but he is too upset. Kid then packs up the rest of his stuff and says goodbye to Jamal and Sydney. He also finally wins the respect of Stab, Zilla and Pee Wee. They ride pass and tell him they got a job working on the police force. Play and Bilal pull up with their girlfriends in Play's old car. Play sold "Foreplay" and gives the money to Kid. He admits to being the one who forced Kid to drop out of college in the first place and apologizes. Play tells Kid to go back inside and study. As Play and Bilal drive away, Kid looks up to the heavens and says thanks to Pop.
24448645	Despite Lucy's reservations, she agrees to her husband’s request to attend a wild party of lust and sexual exploration on a remote island. Their passion soon turns to terror when they discover that one of the group has disappeared. Some start to believe there is something evil lurking in the forest while others begin to suspect each other. Lucy's biggest fear was that the weekend could ruin her marriage, she didn't realize it could cost her her life too.
15072401	Alan Colby, heir to a vast fortune, reappears after a seven year absence, only to be murdered before he can claim his inheritance. The Lowells have been living off the Colby fortune, and now someone is trying to kill Henrietta Lowell, matriarch of the family. Among the suspects are: *Fred and Janice Gage, who live off the Lowell  fortune, which would have gone to Alan Colby, the murdered man *Prof. Bowen, who is paid handsomely by the Lowells for his valuable psychic research *Mr. Phelps, the executor of the Lowell estate *Ulrich, who had a longstanding grudge against Alan Colby *Henrietta Lowell, who wants to continue psychic research
4018288	Debbie's favorite band is Dream Street, and her favorite member is Chris Trousdale. When Chris gets a fever while travelling on the Dream Street tour, in a haze, he strays away and ends up in Debbie's bed, much to the shock of his "Biggest Fan," who thinks she's in heaven. Debbie proposes that Chris stay with her and he agrees. So, over the week they spend time together and she secretly hides him so he can escape the pressures of being a pop star for a little while. Chris even attends high school with Debbie, while disguised as a nerd. Meanwhile, the band's managers are going crazy at the loss of the star, thinking he has been kidnapped. At the end of the week Debbie and Chris  go to her high school prom where two jealous popular girls figure out Chris's true identity and tell the police about Chris's whereabouts, splitting him and Debbie up. They are eventually reunited on stage at a concert, ending in a sweet, final kiss and a performance by Dream Street.
4596602	Ashes to Ashes is set in London, England. The film is a surreal journey into the dreams and misadventures of Gabriel Darbeaux a young screenwriter and martial arts enthusiast who supplements his income by escorting wealthy women. We are introduced to Gabriel’s character as he is chased and cornered by a group of Triad thugs armed with swords, sticks and nunchaku. Using his own nunchaku Gabriel manages to fight off the thugs only to find that the whole episode was an early morning dream. The dream provides inspiration for the opening scene of his latest screenplay entitled ‘Ashes to Ashes’ a thriller involving the Italian Mafia, Chinese Triads and a generous amount of martial arts action. While Gabriel believes that the success of this script will give him financial independence, his best friend Michael has plans of setting up his own escort agency. To fund this project, he resorts to making secret recordings of his sexual encounters with a banker’s wife and hopes to earn £100,000 through blackmail. Gabriel receives a call to meet with one of his regular clients at an exclusive restaurant in the West End of London. The woman fails to show and instead Gabriel encounters the beautiful Arabella Simone who draws him into a world which is disturbingly similar to that featured in his screenplay for Ashes to Ashes. Arabella is the former mistress to Valentino Tarantola, a possessive Italian gangster who employs ‘Laundrymen’ Muhammed and Nelson to do his dirty work. When Valentino is apparently castrated and left for dead at Arabella’s apartment she runs to Gabriel for help with the ‘Laundrymen’ close on her tail. Michael is called in to drive the two to a main line station from where they plan to take a train to France. Unfortunately, before the trio get very far, they are captured by the ‘Laundrymen’ and taken to a warehouse where they are introduced to Enrico Tarontola, Valentino’s sadistic younger brother. Bound and gagged, they are forced to listen helplessly as Enrico accuses Arabella of castrating and killing his brother Valentino and Michael of blackmailing his financial advisor’s wife. All three, including Gabriel are to be put to a violent death. Without warning, henchmen of a rival Triad boss storm the warehouse. In the ensuing battle, Gabriel is forced to fight for his life against Triad enforcers and Mafia hitmen. The film ends with Gabriel waking from a violent dream blurring the distinction between dream, reality and the fictional account that Gabriel is writing.
15224586	The film follows the experience of Vietnamese refugees in the United States immediately following the Fall of Saigon at the end of the Vietnam War. Tai Tran  has been appointed the camp translator by Gunnery Sgt. Jim Lance . He has arrived with his sister's two young children. Their mother is believed to have been lost in the rush to leave Vietnam. Despite the despair of leaving Vietnam and having to live in an unfamiliar United States, many of the occupants make adjustments. Minh  is silent and solitary until he meets Addie , the camp's cook. They embark on a friendship to the point where Minh is drawn out of his shell. Meanwhile, Tai and his friend Duc  find themselves enamored with two female refugees. Tai falls for Thuy Hoa, the daughter of a discredited Vietnamese general. Duc falls back in love with a former girlfriend from Vietnam who is an unhappily married second wife.
15585766	Three friends are droving cattle in Australia in 1939: the restless Bluey Donkin, easy-going Milo Trent and English Peter Linton, who is in the country on a working holiday. Squatter's daughter Kate Carmody is in love with Bluey but he refuses to be tied down to any one woman. War is breaks out and the three men enlist in the Australian army and are assigned to the 9th Division. They ship out to Africa. After early successes against the Italian army, the army is besieged in Tobruk. In between attacks, the men have comic encounters with a barber and Peter falls for a nurse, Sister Mary, after being wounded. There are several subsequent attacks in which all three soldiers are wounded. Peter Linton is killed but the others manage to repel the Germans. Bluey and Milo are then transferred to New Guinea, where Bluey is injured and Milo killed by a sniper. Bluey manages to kill the sniper and returns to Australia, where he is reunited with Kate.
1760737	Set in a lonely city on a rainy night, the film takes place in a bicycle shop  that is closed for the night. In the corner of the shop sleeps Red, a red unicycle who languishes in the "clearance corner", waiting to be purchased. As the camera zooms on him, the sound of rain falling turns into a drumroll, and we go into the dream-sequence. In his dream, Red is being ridden by a circus clown  as part of a juggling act. The clown enters the ring, accompanied by a fanfare, expecting a huge applause, but instead receives only a few scattered claps from different parts of the  audience. Nevertheless, Lumpy starts juggling three balls whilst riding Red, occasionally dropping them as he does. However, Red slides out from underneath Lumpy  and spikes the balls back to him with his bike pedals. The confused clown ponders this for only a second before continuing on with his act. At this point, Red is forced to catch another ball which Lumpy unintentionally throws across the ring. Lumpy continues to ride in the air while juggling the other two balls while Red bounces the green ball up and down. Eventually Lumpy comes to a sudden realization, and looks between his legs, only to discover he's been riding on nothing before he falls to the ground . Red catches the other two balls and begins juggling all three of them, and then balances them on top of each other, after which he receives an uproarous applause. But then the sound of clapping turns into the sound of rain, and Red awakens, left to face bleak reality. Depressed, he returns to the corner where he was previously resting, and goes back to sleep. The short ends with the final image of the neon sign for "Eben's Bikes".
29062594	A group of teenagers at Catholic boarding school in the provinces spend their time trying to adapt to the demands of the priest in charge of the school while discovering life with their adventures and pains. It presents the romantic and sexual initiation of the group of adolescent boys and their problems.
29326153	The film follows the lives of several West Point cadet classmates who find themselves on opposite sides of the war. The film also follows the adventures of Lucius the slave escaping via the underground railroad to freedom with the film cutting between the First Battle of Bull Run and the birth of a Lucius' child born in slavery.
9252321	This story of a Zulu family is a composite story of events enacted by Africans whose experiences resembled the story’s events. Forced out of his village by famine, Zachariah leaves his family to take the only work available: in the gold mines near Johannesburg. Seeking better than a slave wage, he settles with his wife and children in a bleak room in a crumbling shack on the outskirts of the city. Here he confronts the pass laws – hundreds of laws which he did not know existed – restricting his every move: he cannot find work without a pass, and he cannot get a pass without work. At the same time he is constantly threatened with banishment or imprisonment if he is unemployed too long, or fails to comply with petty restrictions. Zachariah drifts through a succession of jobs – domestic servant, garage attendant, waiter, road gang laborer – tormented, insulted, and degraded by white employers who summarily dismiss him because of his ignorance or out of malice. In addition, he falls foul of Marumu, the leader of a gang of “tsotsis”  who are terrorizing the streets of Sophiatown. Fearful that poverty will drive her son to the street gangs, his wife takes a job as a domestic servant where she must live on premises, separated from her family. Zachariah is caught sleeping with Vinah during a nightly police raid and is arrested for trespassing. He returns from prison to find his wife dead, murdered by Murumu because she refused to give in to his sexual demands. Inexorably Zachariah’s overwhelming helplessness and frustration reveal the social impoverishment of all African men, women, and children. Starved off the land after confiscation by successive governments, the black man is uprooted from his native soil and forced continually to search for a home and livelihood. Deprived of political power, he must weave a treacherous path of survival among the myriad written and unwritten laws that govern black contact with the white world – laws which are often contradictory and inevitably result in severe penalties. The family is increasingly torn apart when both parents must work to buy bread, leaving their children to grow up amid the violence and filth of the streets. In the end, the African is completely defenseless in his struggle to survive, inhumanely pulled between the capricious brutality of white law and the wanton violence of the black outlaw.
8388648	The film opens with Madhav  and Sreenu  playing a football cup final in Kolkata. Madhav and Sreenu are best friends, football players, and neighbours. Subsequently, the team wins the cup. A mishap happens when Sreenu tries to save Madhav from an accident. Madhav escapes with minor injuries, but Sreenu loses his leg. This puts an end to his football career. Sreenu, recovering from the incident, convinces Madhav not to tell anyone about the cause of Sreenu's accident. He does this to save the two families from drifting apart. Remembering his sacrifice, Madhav works hard and becomes the captain of the team, a post once held by Sreenu. Once, while visiting Goa for a match, Madhav sees Amrutha  and falls in love with her. When Amrutha returns to her house, she finds her grandparents fixing her marriage with an NRI. The marriage breaks apart when the father of the groom gets to know about Madhav's love for Amrutha. Her heartbroken grandfather dies a few days later, and Amrutha holds Madhav responsible for all these incidents and starts hating him. Madhav tries to change her life by anonymously sending her gifts and money during her hardships. Amrutha desperately tries to find the person who was sending these to her. A few days later, during the festival of Holi, Amrutha mistakenly thinks Sreenu to be the sender of all the gifts and proposes him for marriage. Sreenu, not knowing about Madhav's love, agrees to the proposal. Madhav rushes to Sreenu's house, where he realises that the bride is no one else but Amrutha. Madhav sacrifices his love for his best friend's happiness. He tries to burn the photos of him and Amrutha in Goa, but he is seen by his father. His father gets to know the truth but Madhav convinces him not to tell anyone. Madhav decides to leave the town so that the marriage goes on smoothly. He fakes a letter asking him to report to Delhi for national football team selection. Sreenu asks him to leave immediately and to fulfill both of their dreams. Madhav, instead of going to Delhi, flies to Mumbai. Meanwhile, Sreenu's father learns about the photograph and Amrutha is questioned about their relationship. Amrutha realises that it was Madhav, and not Sreenu, who helped her. Sreenu and Amrutha leave for Mumbai. The film ends with Amrutha and Madhav getting together and Sreenu walking away with satisfaction.
10644072	A villager new to the big city – Bhagwaan  – turns to crime to avoid starvation. He is drawn into the gang of slum crime lord ‘dada’ Shambu  where he falls into every crime but one: violence against women. When an impoverished but honourable young widow hangs herself after being raped by Shambu Dada, the cries of her orphaned baby awaken Bhagwaan’s soul. He rebels against his former master. Bhagwaan vows to atone for his formerly evil life, and adopts the orphaned baby as his own son. The innocent young boy becomes Bhagwaan’s source of personal redemption and the inspiration for all that he does. 12 years later the man now lovingly hailed as “Bhagwaan Dada” has transformed the former crime-ridden slum into a safe and happy neighbourhood - Shantinagar - where his adopted son Govinda  has become the pride and joy of the whole community. Despite his own dark past, this loving father has worked hard to raise the boy as a good person with sound moral values. At this time, Bhagwaan chances to rescue another naïve young man new to the big city – Swaroop  – when Shambu Dada’s gang steal all Swaroop’s money. Impressed with Swaroop’s education as well as the similarity of situation to his own arrival in the city years before, Bhagwaan takes the “innocent and simple” villager under his protective wing. He arranges a good job, even brings Swaroop home to live with himself and his son, young Govinda. Swaroop and Bhagwaan claim each other as ‘brothers’. One day on a roadway nearby the district, members of Shambu Dada’s gang assault a beautiful young woman whom Shambu lusts after. Swaroop hears her cries for help and tries to rescue her, believing as Bhagwaan does that: “It is every man’s duty to honour and protect women.” But Swaroop is a gentle bookish soul who does not know how to fight. He is badly beaten by Shambu’s men before Bhagwaan can rescue him in turn. The young woman  who gives her name as Bijli insists on tending the wounded Swaroop who bravely tried to help her. Bhagwaan invites Bijli to come live at their house until she can find a place to stay. After some initial confusion when Govinda mistakes Bijli for his new ‘uncle’ Swaroop’s wife, all four of them – Bhagwaan, Govinda, Swaroop, and now Bijli – live happily in Bhagwaan’s modest home, Govinda remaining impishly determined to matchmake between Swaroop and Bijli. However, what neither Bhagwaan nor Swaroop realise is that Bijli is a streetwalker. Intercepted on her way out to work one evening, Bijli spills Bhagwaan a yarn about how she is secretly an undercover policewoman assigned to pose as a prostitute in order to arrest real prostitutes and their patrons. Bhagwaan believes her. He preserves her ‘secret’, and all four continue happily in the house just as before, ignorance being bliss. The audience soon learn, though, that appearances are deceiving: Bijli is not, actually, a sex worker but rather working a fraud scam wherein she bilks potential ‘johns’ of money through clever ruses. Meanwhile, Shambu Dada has sworn revenge against Bhagwaan for foiling his plan to abduct Bijli. After brutally beating to death one of his gangmembers who botched the abduction, Shambu dumps the corpse in Bhagwaan’s territory seeking to frame Bhagwaan for the murder. The honest policeman Inspector Vijay , though, is fully aware of Shambu Dada’s crime empire activities as well as Bhagwaan’s reformation. When Bhagwaan discovers the corpse and duly reports the murder, Inspector Vijay not only fails to arrest Bhagwaan but even introduces Bhagwaan to a newspaper reporter – Madhu  – who is researching crime trends in the city, and recommends that she visit Shantinagar. The street-savvy Bhagwaan helps Inspector Vijay set a trap that allows the police to capture Shambu Dada in possession of the murder weapon. Shambu is convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment. All seems well. Bhagwaan invites Madhu to attend a joyous public celebration in Shantinagar. When young Govinda mischievously invites Bijli to garland his ‘uncle’ Swaroop, we discover that the blushing Swaroop hides a growing attraction to Bijli. When Madhu reciprocates Bhagwaan’s invitation by inviting him and Swaroop to her birthday party at a fancy hotel, Bijli manages to talk her way along. After Bijli’s comically jealous behaviour at the party, she confesses how she has come to love Swaroop, just as he loves her. She tries to explain that no future is possible between them. But Swaroop, ecstatic at learning his feelings are returned, simply won’t listen. Unknown to all, however, the evil Shambu Dada has escaped during transfer between prison facilities. Shambu vows to revenge himself upon Bhagwaan at all costs. While warning Bhagwaan of his danger at Shambu’s escape, Inspector Vijay happens to mention that Bijli is not, in fact, working for the police at all but has actually been arrested, if released, on suspicion of prostitution. Bhagwaan angrily confronts Bijli. Devastated, Bijli humbly confesses she lied about working with the police. Bhagwaan strikes her and throws her out of the house … and the whole neighbourhood. When Swaroop returns home he wants to support Bijli but it is already too late: Bijli is gone. All now seems lost for our lovers. But wait! A chance encounter with a doctor at a local hospital reveals Bijli’s true story: she has nobly sacrificed her reputation in order to raise money for the surgery and medicines needed to save the life of her sole surviving relative, a little sister, after the rest of their entire family were killed outright during the Bhopal Disaster. [1984 – cyanide gas cloud] Abjectly chastened, Bhagwaan and Swaroop comb the city for the missing Bijli, and almost abandon all hope. Swaroop finally discovers ‘Bijli’ – whole real name is now revealed as Geeta – at the hospital. The lovers are reconciled. Bhagwaan begs Geeta to claim him as her brother. He pledges himself to both pay for the little sister’s operation and see his ‘sister’ Geeta married happily to Swaroop at the earliest opportunity. Swaroop’s mother comes to welcome Geeta and bless Bhagwaan and Govinda – who is jubilant that his ‘matchmaking’ efforts succeeded – for their role in getting her son married. Geeta’s little sister’s operation is successful, so she also joins the household. The whole of Shantinagar eagerly helps with preparations for the upcoming wedding. Madhu, who is herself becoming romantically interested with Bhagwaan, comes to Shantinagar on the day before the big event “to help with wedding work.” Govinda persuades Madhu to help him distribute the last of the wedding cards throughout the community. Hours later Bhagwaan becomes alarmed to discover that neither Govinda nor Madhu has come back. Some distance beyond the end of the city Bhagwaan comes across an exhausted and terrified Madhu, who explains how both she and Govinda had been kidnapped by the gang of the fugitive Shambu Dada and taken to a ruined fort hidden in the wilderness. Shambu intended to rape her, but brave young Govinda had attacked Shambu so that she could escape, asking her to “Bring Father” for help. Deeper in the wilderness Bhagwaan finally finds little Govinda, who has been horribly mutilated and left to die. Govinda explains in a failing voice how he succeeded in overcoming Shambu’s gang with the fighting skills his father taught him, but was unable to defeat Shambu himself. Shambu then vented his rage, at being cheated of Madhu, by brutally crushing Govinda’s legs – “There were nails in his shoes, Father ...” – leaving the boy paralysed and bleeding to death. After receiving final blessing, Govinda dies in his father’s arms ... having sacrificed his own all-too-short life to save the life of another. As darkness falls in the wilderness, Bhagwaan tenderly burns his son’s remains. Bhagwaan solemnly vows to be avenged upon Shambu, and binds Madhu to silence regarding Govinda’s murder lest the wedding be interrupted. The wedding of Geeta and Swaroop goes forward, attended by the whole of Shantinagar. But part way through the ceremonies someone discovers that they’re missing the sindoor  needed to fill the bride’s hair parting for the ritual. Bhagwaan rushes off to buy the essential sindoor. Shambu confronts Bhagwaan in the marketplace. They fight bitterly, until Bhagwaan at last overwhelms Shambu. Remembering poor Govinda’s last words, Bhagwaan dons one of Shambu’s horrible nail-studded boots and uses it to finish off Shambu. Or so he thinks. At the very last, the dying Shambu manages to hurl a hidden knife that pierces Bhagwaan’s chest. Knowing himself to be mortally wounded, Bhagwaan returns to the wedding just at the point where the ceremony requires him, as the bride’s brother, to bless the newly wedded couple – which he does, using a smear of his own red blood instead of the hard-won sindoor. Geeta and Swaroop now realise he is injured and dying, also that Govinda, too, is missing. Bhagwaan responds that he is “on his way to join Govinda” ... and dies in their arms in his turn. Swaroop and Geeta pledge to continue Bhagwaan’s legacy at Shantinagar.
13455076	The Stooges play three sets of identical triplets, born one year apart. All nine brothers lose track of each other after World War II, unaware that they are all living in the same city. One set  is single, one  is married, and the other  is engaged. Trouble brews when the engaged set of brothers decided to celebrate at a local nightclub. Before they arrive, the unmarried set show up, followed by the fiancees of their brothers. The ladies start hugging and kissing the unsuspecting brothers. Within minutes, the wives of the married brothers show up, thinking their husbands are cheating on them. Hilarity ensues when the nightclub waiter  walks in and sees all nine brothers simultaneously.
33269085	Ranchhod Rai Patel  is an egotistical and arrogant self-made Gujarati man who arrived from India and settled in the New York area years ago. He started his career cleaning latrines and dirty clothes, then moved on to working in a restaurant, saving enough money to own one, and then finally owned twelve. He became an extremely successful real-estate magnate, à la Donald Trump and was so big-headed that started calling himself THE Roger Patel. He got married to a woman named Kamla and they were soon proud parents of two lovely daughters, Namrata and Ritu. When the girls are grown, the overprotective Roger arranges a marriage for Namrata with a property owner, a professional Patel man named Prem. Ritu Patel , a doctor, informs that she has met her soul mate also, Sunder Kapoor , who is part-Punjabi and part-Madrasi and is definitely not a Patel, nor a property owner, and not even a professional.
2254491	Preetam , a struggling cartoonist, meets Anita  at a tennis match, where she is watching her favorite tennis star. Anita, a wealthy and westernized heiress is controlled by her feminist aunt, Sita Devi . Sita is suspicious of men, and cultivates her attitudes in Anita. However, to receive her fortune, her father's will decrees that Anita must marry within one month of turning 21. Sita Devi doesn't agree with this, and tries to set Anita up with a sham marriage which will soon lead to divorce, thereby giving her both freedom and a fortune. Sita hires Preetam to marry Anita, but doesn't know that the pair have already met. Preetam is kept from Anita after their marriage, but he kidnaps her and takes her to the traditional house of his brother. While at the house, Anita befriends Preetam's sister-in-law, and begins to see the merit in becoming a traditional Indian wife. Preetam is worried that he has lost Anita, and expedites their divorce by providing false, incrimiating evidence to the court. Preetam then leaves mumbai, heartbroken. Anita now recognizes her feelings for Preetam and rushes to meet him at the airport. In the end, the couple is reunited.
447194	Samson, a Hebrew placed under Nazirite vows from birth by his mother, is engaged to a Philistine woman named Semadar. At their engagement, Samson loses a bet with his wedding guests  and attacks thirty Philistines to strip them of their cloaks to pay his betting debt. When his deeds become known, Semadar is killed during their wedding feast; Samson becomes a hunted man and in his fury he begins fighting the Philistines. The Saran of Gaza  imposes heavy taxes on the Dannites, with the purpose of having Samson betrayed by his own people. Saran's plan works, and frustrated Dannites hand over Samson to the Philistines, much to the joy of Delilah, Semadar's sister. Samson is taken by the high general Ahtur  and a regiment of Philistine troops. En route back to Gaza, Ahtur decides to taunt Samson. Samson rips apart his chains and ropes and begins to combat the Philistines, toppling Ahtur's war chariot and using the jawbone of an ass to club the Philistine soldiers to death. News of the defeat of Ahtur at the hands of Samson reaches Saran. Saran ponders how to defeat Samson. Delilah comes up with the idea of seducing Samson, thus having him reveal the secret of his strength and then deliver him for punishment. Her plan works; she cuts his hair, which he feels gives him his strength. In order to fully neutralize him, Samson is blinded by his captors, put to slave work and is eventually brought to the temple of Dagon for the entertainment of the Philistines and of Saran. However, in the meantime Delilah has unknowingly fallen in love with Samson, and his blinding and torture make her feel deep remorse over her betrayal. She attends the public torture wielding a whip, in order to help him flee, but Samson instead asks to be brought to the temple's main support pillars. Once he stands between them, he tells Delilah to run, but she remains, unseen by him, as he pushes the pillars apart. The pillars give way and the temple collapses, burying Samson, Delilah, and all the Philistines inside alive. In the end the temple lies in rubble, and Saul and Miriam, his two closest Hebrew friends, are left to mourn Samson's passing.
24165951	A soldier-of-fortune steals some Russian nerve gas from Afghanistan, and brings it to the U.S. to be analyzed. A greedy millionaire rancher finds out about it and sets out to steal it.
18549958	Mary was a lonely and poor child, from a family of poor farm workers in Portland, Oregon. She was always in trouble with juvenile authorities partly because she hated to go to school. After a number of breaks from juvenile authorities, Mary's good luck ran out. She and another troubled male teen got caught while they were joy-riding with a stolen car that they crashed. That was enough for the Judge who had no choice but to incarcerate Mary. A social worker took an interest in Mary and realized that she struggled with dyslexia. She then helped Mary excel in studies. Mary gained confidence and began to fight back against her impediment, eventually going to college.
12978934	Beth Cappadora  and her husband Pat  experience a parent's worst fear when their son Ben vanishes in a crowded hotel lobby during Beth's high school reunion. The ensuing frantic search is unsuccessful, and Beth goes through a sustained nervous breakdown. Unable to cope with her devastation, Beth unintentionally neglects her other children, Vincent ([[Jonathan Jackson  and Kerry . After nine years, the family has seemingly accepted that Ben has gone forever, when a familiar-looking boy  turns up at their house, introduces himself as Sam and offers to mow their lawn. Beth is convinced that Sam is actually her son, and begins an investigation that culminates in the discovery that Ben was kidnapped at the ill-fated high school reunion years ago, by a mentally unstable woman who was a high school classmate of Beth's. This woman brought up Ben as her own child, until she committed suicide. The attempted re-integration of Ben back into the Cappadora family produces painful results for all involved. Eventually the family decides that what's best for Ben is to return him to his adoptive father, but one night Vincent finds him playing basketball outside. Ben reveals that he remembered something from before his abduction, playing with Vincent and Vincent finding him, causing him to feel safe. Vincent, who has carried guilt for letting go of Ben at the reunion is forgiven by Ben who decides to return to living with his real family, but first plays a game of basketball with his brother with their parents secretly watching from their bedroom window.
8471210	In 1942, a 10 year old boy named Timmy plays with a jigsaw puzzle of a nude woman when his mother walks in. She chastises him for it. The mother orders Timmy to get a plastic bag because "I'm gonna burn everything." Timmy gruesomely murders her with an axe instead of getting the plastic bag. The police later arrive at the house and Timmy is finishing the puzzle. The police break into the house through the front door. Timmy then hides in one of the closets. The police then enter into the bedroom, they find a bloody mess all over the room and also find the mother's head inside one of the closets. The police hear Timmy weeping in the another closet, so they open the door and find him covered in blood. The police question the whereabouts of the father; the nanny replies hesitantly and lying obviously that he is in Europe with the Air Force, but the nanny also says that Timmy has an aunt, who lives an hour away and also the nanny says that she will call Timmy's aunt and that the nanny will take Timmy there. Forty years later, in 1982, a grown up Timmy is seen, wearing black gloves, opens a drawer. He removes a box and opens it. Inside, he finds his mother's shoes, her dress, soaked in blood, and a photo of her, crossed out in red. The next scene cuts to a girl skateboarding through town. While this happens, a van, , stops by, and later, the 2 men, are seen carrying out, what looks like a giant mirror frame, from the back of the van. Of course, the girl on the skateboard, ends up crashing into a giant mirror frame, which shatters to pieces. Back at the killer's house, he removes another box, containing pieces of the puzzle of the nude woman, which he starts putting together. Then, the chainsaw-wielding psychopathic killer is on the loose on a college campus in Boston.BD Horror News: DVD Review "Pieces" by David Harley Tormented by childhood memories, the killer tries to create his own jigsaw puzzle made from real human body parts. Along with police lieutenant Bracken  and college student Kendall , Mary Riggs  poses as a tennis instructor in order to try to uncover the identity of the maniac.Motion Picture Purgatory: Pieces Many girls fall victim to the psychotic killer: the first girl is decapitated with a chainsaw while sunbathing; the second is nearly drowned in a swimming pool, only to be pulled out of the pool and sawn in pieces with a chainsaw; the third has one of her arms sawn off by the killer while in an elevator and she dies from massive loss; the fourth is stabbed to death in the chest with a knife, while on a waterbed, and stabbed through the back of her neck; the last girl to be killed becomes trapped in the girls' locker room, who has her body sawn in half while hiding inside a bathroom stall from the killer, leaving behind her upper body. In the end, it turns out the college Dean is the killer. He tries to kill Mary but Lt. Bracken, Sgt. Holden and Kendall are able to save her by shooting him in the head. The corpse, consisting of body parts from multiple victims, falls out of the Dean's cabinet and terrifies Kendall. The film ends with Kendall preparing to leave when the corpse inexplicably comes back to life and rips off his testicles while Kendall screams, implying that the Dean is still alive.
1925869	Set in the Northwestern United States in 1875, the film focuses on taciturn widower Matt Calder , who recently has been released from prison after serving time for killing a man while defending another one. He arrives in a tent city in search of his ten-year-old son Mark , who was left in the care of dance hall singer Kay  during his absence. Matt promises Mark, a virtual stranger to him, the two will enjoy a life of hunting, fishing and farming on their homestead. Kay's fiancé, gambler Harry Weston , tells her they must go to Council City to file the deed on a gold mine he won in a poker game. They head downriver on their flimsy log raft, and when they encounter trouble in the rapids near the Calder farm, Matt and Mark rescue them. Harry offers to buy Matt's rifle and horse so as to reach Council City by land, and when Matt refuses, Harry steals both, leaving Kay, Matt, and Mark stranded in the wilderness. When hostile Indians threaten the farm, the three are forced to escape down the river on Harry's raft. That night they set up camp by the river, and Matt and Kay argue about the wisdom of pursuing Harry. Matt questions why she would choose to marry a man who had endangered a child, and she reminds him Harry never killed a man like he did. Mark overhears their discussion, and Matt is forced to reveal the truth about his past to his son, who is unable to comprehend why his father acted as he did. As the three continue their journey, Kay comes to appreciate Matt's bravery and the tender way he cares for both her and Mark. As time passes, they are forced to deal with a series of trials and tribulations, including a mountain lion attack; prospectors Sam Benson and Dave Colby, who are pursuing Harry for stealing their gold claim; and another group of Indians. After a difficult ride through the worst of the rapids, the three arrive in Council City and confront Harry. Harry shoots at Matt, forcing Mark to kill Harry with a rifle he is inspecting in the general store, and the boy finally understands why his father shot a man so many years before. Kay heads to the local saloon, and while she is singing there, Matt arrives to take her back to his farm with Mark.
10799612	Like in many other Monicelli movies, the main theme of Amici miei is friendship, seen from a rather bitter point of view. It tells the story of four middle-aged friends in Florence who organize together idle pranks  in a continuous attempt to prolong childhood during their adult life.  Count Mascetti  is an impoverished noble who has no means to support his family, but does not renounce high living pleasures anyway, and has an underage mistress, Titti . Perozzi  is an easy-living journalist harassed by the unceasing disapproval of his wife and his son. Melandri  is a communal architect whose main goal is to find the ideal woman. Necchi  is the owner of a café and pool hall where the friends usually plan their zingarate. During the movie they are joined by a renowned, military-like surgeon, Sassaroli , in whose clinic they recover after being hospitalized, injured after a mismanaged zingarata. Melandri falls in love with Sassaroli's wife, exclaiming "I've seen the Madonna!", only to discover she has psychological problems. The plot is mostly composed of elaborate practical jokes organized by the friends, including the creation of a fake mafia mob in whose "criminal acts" they involve a pensioner, Righi , who used to snatch croissants from the cake tray in Necchi's café, and Mascetti's attempts to save his marriage despite his relationship with Titti. The film ends with Perozzi's death, which still does not deprive the friends of their desecrating hijinks, not even in face of their own mortality; perozzi himself makes a last joke to the priest. When Perozzi's wife, criticized by Melandri for her lack of tears, comments: "One can weep if somebody dies. But here nobody has died", Mascetti replies: "Well, in reality he had never been so much, but I liked him." During the funeral procession they "homage" their dead friend by telling the wide-eyed Righi that Perozzi was killed for being a traitor to the mafia.
3150865	Porky Pig is trying to get on a plane to play golf. However, Daffy Duck, agent to the stars, complete with business card that flashes like a theater marquis, stops him , and does everything he can to convince him that his preteenager client "Sleepy LaGoon" can become a star. This annoys Porky so much, as he is trying to get on his plane. Daffy spends most of the cartoon telling Porky about what his client can do, while actually performing various schticks himself, in his usual wild and frenetic way. After trying various ways to escape, Porky locks Daffy in a huge vault and takes off in a plane only to find out that the pilot of the plane is Daffy. Porky then jumps out with a parachute only to notice the parachute is again Daffy. Porky then gets chased back to his office. Finally, having stopped Daffy, Porky relents and asks to see what his client can do. "Sleepy", a small and droopy-eyed duck who has whiled away the episode slurping a huge all-day sucker which he keeps in a banjo case, finally gets to perform. "Sleepy" begins to sing a song  are in a strong baritone voice. He starts out well, then tries to hit a high note, and goes into a coughing fit.
20591333	A movie about the travails of Jason , a young gas station attendant and movie projectionist living in Nebraska. His encounters with various social difficulties and with Frances , a beautiful and enigmatic young woman leads to dramatic changes and decisions in his life.
3150241	Porky Pig is trying to get on a plane to play golf. However, Daffy Duck, agent to the stars, complete with business card that flashes like a theater marquis, stops him , and does everything he can to convince him that his preteenager client "Sleepy LaGoon" can become a star. This annoys Porky so much, as he is trying to get on his plane. Daffy spends most of the cartoon telling Porky about what his client can do, while actually performing various schticks himself, in his usual wild and frenetic way. After trying various ways to escape, Porky locks Daffy in a huge vault and takes off in a plane only to find out that the pilot of the plane is Daffy. Porky then jumps out with a parachute only to notice the parachute is again Daffy. Porky then gets chased back to his office. Finally, having stopped Daffy, Porky relents and asks to see what his client can do. "Sleepy", a small and droopy-eyed duck who has whiled away the episode slurping a huge all-day sucker which he keeps in a banjo case, finally gets to perform. "Sleepy" begins to sing a song  are in a strong baritone voice. He starts out well, then tries to hit a high note, and goes into a coughing fit.
14330027	Paschalis  is a 30 year old agronomist, about to marry his beloved Anthoula on the island of Milos. He accidentally embarks on the boat to Sifnos, where he meets Zoi , a beautiful but strange photographer who goes to the island for her own 'purposes'. Things will become even more difficult for Paschalis when a strike of ship captains may cost him his marriage! But things change when together with Zoi he meets a couple  in Sifnos, who try to help him come together with his future wife in time for the marriage. But many unexpected situations lead to funny incidents and a lot of things are revealed about the four heroes.
4356664	Kishen  has a suspicious-minded wife, Kaajal , who thinks he is always having an affair with another woman, even though he is extremely faithful to her and wouldn't dream of betraying her in any way. Prem  has the opposite situation. He is married to Pooja , who seems to be very trusting, even though he has been having several affairs with numerous gorgeous women. There is also Kishen's friend Shekhar , who accidentally falls in love with Sanjana  and marries her. Then Bobby , a call girl, enters the story. When Kishen takes pictures of Prem and his girlfriend, and threatens to send them to his wife, Prem hires Bobby to seduce Kishen. The plan is that Kishen will fall in love with her, and Prem wants to see if Kishen can hide the relationship. Then the lies start happening, as Kaajal thinks Bobby is Shekhar's wife, and Sanjana thinks Bobby is Kishen's wife. It becomes a bundle of confusion and comedy when all the various people and couples start meeting.
19174305	Tahaan  lives with his grandfather , mother Haba  and older sister Zoya  in the Kashmir valley. The family lives with the ardent hope that the boy's father, who's been missing for over three years, will return home. The death of the grandfather pushes them into financial crisis. The local moneylender and his manager  take away the family's assets including Tahaan's donkey, Birbal, in lieu of an unpaid loan. While the rest of the family seeks redemption from the crises, Tahaan is determined to bring Birbal back home. After salvaging money using various means, Tahaan reaches the moneylender to reclaim Birbal. He is told that old Subhan Darr  bought the donkey and went across the mountains in which Tahaan's father went missing. Gathering courage, Tahaan goes in search of the old man. He finds him and he follows Subhan and his assistant Zafar  and their mule train, leading Birbal despite their protests. Although Subhan promises to return Birbal to Tahaan if he can win a race against the incompetent Zafar, when he wins Subhan refuses to give him Birbal. Instead, Subhan gives the donkey to his eight-year-old nephew. Zafar tries to give Tahaan his sunglasses as a replacement for the donkey, but Tahaan will not accept the gift. On his way back home, Tahaan encounters Idrees, a teenager who discourages him, saying that his efforts will not be sufficient to get Birbal back. Instead he suggests to do him a favor. Tahaan is asked to take a package across the mountains in his onward journey. Upon seeing his eagerness, Idrees hands him over a grenade and says that when the time is right, he will be told what needs to be done. At a checkpoint the package and grenade are not discovered due to the fact that the soldiers know and trust Subhan Darr. Tahaan is about to commit a terrorist act with the grenade and has already removed the pin, when he changes his mind and throws it safely in a river. He then sees his father emerge from the building he almost blew up. Subhan's nephew learns that Tahaan is fond of Birbal, and at his request Subhan gives the donkey back to Tahaan.
33417831	Five men attend the same gym in Berlin. None of them seem to have anything in common, but all five have not enough confidence to meet or develop relationships with the opposite sex, and what it really means to be a man or what women expect of them. Günther Stobanski, portrayed by Christian Ulmen, fails with Internet dating, music producer Jerome Ades, portrayed by Til Schweiger, passes from a sentimental break-up story to another. Roland Feldberg, a train driver portrayed by Wotan Wilke Möhring, snubs his wife Susanne Feldberg portrayed by Nadja Uhl. The girlfriend of Philip Henrion, portrayed by Maxim Mehmet, becomes pregnant at a young age. Niklas Michalke, a solicitor portrayed by Florian David Fitz, is terrified by his impending marriage, while Bruce Berger, a singer portrayed by Justus von Dohnányi, tries to pursue his singing career.
2408359	School is out and the teenagers head for the beach. All is well until millionaire Harvey Huntington Honeywagon III  comes around, convinced that the beachgoers are so senselessly obsessed with sex that their mentality is below that of a primate – especially Honeywagon's wunderkind pet chimp Clyde, who can surf, drive, and watusi better than anyone on the beach. With the teenagers demoralized and discredited, Honeywagon plans to turn Bikini Beach into a senior citizens retirement home. Meanwhile, foppish British rocker and drag racer Peter Royce Bentley, better known as "The Potato Bug" , has taken up residence on Bikini Beach. Annoyed by Frankie's reluctance to start their relationship towards marriage, Dee Dee becomes receptive to Potato Bug's advances. In a jealous rage, Frankie challenges The Potato Bug to a drag race, in hopes of winning Dee Dee back.
1838882	The evil Lord Conqueror, head of Conqueror's Clan, is given a prophecy by Mud Buddha. It is said that if Conqueror finds two young children by the name of Wind and Cloud he will have good fortune. Mud Buddha tells Conqueror to look for him 10 years later so that he can tell the rest of Conqueror's fortune. Conqueror issues an order that every boy with a birth chart matching Wind's or Cloud's must become a disciple of the Conqueror's Clan. Both Wind and Cloud are found, and Lord Conqueror's servants murder their respective parents. Ten years pass, and Wind and Cloud are now both fully grown and highly skilled martial artists. Lord Conqueror raised them as his own children. He is angered by the disappearance of Mud Buddha and sends his men to find him. After Mud Buddha is found, he reveals that Wind and Cloud will either join or destroy Conqueror. Seeing that Wind and Cloud can lead to misfortune, Conqueror uses his daughter, Charity, to cause Wind and Cloud to fight each other. There was a love triangle involving Wind, Cloud, and Charity. Conqueror arranges a marriage with Wind and Charity. Cloud finds out and is unhappy about it. On the day of the wedding, he takes her away and Conqueror tells Wind to fight for his wife. Wind and Cloud engage in a battle and Lord Conqueror tries to kill Cloud in their duel, but killed his own daughter. This was because she tried to protect Cloud. Cloud and Wind's relationship with Lord Conqueror sours, after Cloud loses an arm to Conqueror in combat and Wind is poisoned by Conqueror's minions. Wind finds out the truth about who killed his parents and fights a fire beast which killed his father. Fortunately, Cloud is found by helpful villagers, one of whom donates his arm to replace Cloud's loss. Wind and Cloud then work together to destroy Lord Conqueror. Together, they defeat the evil warlord, finally exacting their revenge and fulfilling Mud Buddha's prophecy.
25755313	The sequel to the TV movie entitled The Incident, a small-town lawyer, Harmon Cobb, and his family move to Baltimore where he becomes the law partner of his old adversary, where he goes against the State of Maryland, suing on behalf of an institutionalized mental patient for release.http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stid=456508
10016997	A farmer is busy with hoeing while his son Porky is ploughing the fields with his horse Dobbin. Hank Horsefly speeds up the process. The farmer and Porky are about to take a turn for the worst as Mr. Viper The Snake comes with a Mortgage form ready to evict them unless a sum of rent money is paid. Porky applies for a job as horse driving milkman with a strict condition not to break a single bottle. Porky is doing well until Hank having followed their trail, sends Dobbin going at full speed and crashing, causing all the milk bottles to break. As Porky despairs, Dobbin accidentally enters a horse race. When the race starts, Dobbin isn't getting far, until Hank kick starts Dobbin to overtake every racer and wins a $40,000 prize. Porky makes it to the farm in the nick of time, riding in a roofless limo. Porky pays the owed money to Mr. Viper and Hank gives him a kick.
8153846	Odile Deray  is the publicist for the slasher movie Red is Dead, which features a serial killer whose weapons of choice are the hammer and sickle. She is invited to the Cannes film festival, where she is faced with the unanimous opinion that the movie is extremely bad. However, Red is Dead soon attracts the public attention when its projectionist is murdered by what seems to be a copycat of the movie's killer. Ecstatic, Odile brings the movie's mentally retarded star Simon Jérémi  to the festival and hires bodyguard and self-proclaimed womanizer Serge Karamazov  to protect them. One by one, all the projectionists assigned to the movie are murdered, keeping Red is Dead in the spotlight. Meanwhile, detective Patrick Bialès  investigates on the murders and starts a romantic relationship with Odile.
24486071	The plot focuses on a famous sculptor, Gustaf Borgstrom . He hires a chorus girl, Ardell Kendall . When Donald Dillingham  marries the chorus girl, his wealthy parents disown him.
4466226	During the Great depression in 1933 in Winnipeg, Canada, an old fortune teller is predicting the future for Chester Kent , a failing Broadway producer, and his nymphomaniac amnesiac girlfriend Narcissa . The fortune teller predicts doom, but Chester laughs it off, and rides a train into Winnipeg. The baroness Helen, Lady Port-Huntley  announces a competition to find the saddest music in the world; she hopes that the competition will raise the sales of her beer, especially since Prohibition is about to end. Chester decides to enter the contest representing America. It emerges that Lady Port-Huntley, who has no legs, was once Chester's lover; and saying that "of all the people in the world, you know the least about grief", she orders him to try to make her cry by retelling how she lost her legs. It emerges that his dad Fyodor Kent  was also in love with her. After she left him, Fyodor became an alcoholic. One day as they were driving as Helen performs oral sex on Chester, they crashed into Fyodor's car, and Helen's left leg was trapped in the wreckage. A drunken Fyodor, determined to save and marry his beloved, amputated her leg but removed the wrong one accidentally. In the present, Lady Port-Huntley tells Chester he can try, but she doesn't think he'll succeed. Fyodor also shows up and enters the contest to represent Canada. Musicians are streaming into Winnipeg, including Roderick Kent , representing Serbia. Roderick is swathed in mourning and hypochondria, because his young son died and his wife is missing. As soon as he arrives, he and Chester begin grating on each other. A sober Fyodor also reveals that he has been making prosthetic legs for Helen to atone for his tragic mistake. She's allergic to wood and leather, so he uses glass ones, and fills them with her brand of beer. The contest begins, with various countries pitted against each other. Fyodor's melodramatic piano ballad is soon defeated, but Chester's glitzy "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot" act wins over the audience. Unfortunately Roderick sees Narcissa singing from a swinging seat, and collapses in horror realizing it's his wife singing. Roderick manages to do his act, and defeats everyone with his heartbreaking cello music. After, Roderick gives his father's glass legs to Lady Port-Huntley, who is able to walk for the first time in years. Overjoyed, she reunites with Chester, but when Fyodor begs her for forgiveness, she refuses to give it. Shattered, Fyodor returns to drinking, falls through the glass ceiling of the contest arena into a pool of beer, and dies. Meanwhile, Roderick has reunited with his wife; since Narcissa doesn't remember him or their son, however, she simply regards him as a one-night stand, and sings a tragic love song as if it were a showtune. Roderick accidentally drops a jar containing his dead son's heart, and it shatters. Roderick becomes determined to defeat his brother, and plays his most plaintive music ever, while Chester manipulates the audience with his showtunes, often buying out other countries he's defeated in the contest to "join America" in his performance. Soon the brothers are the only ones left in the competition, and Lady Port-Huntley &mdash; with her glass legs &mdash; is part of Chester's final act. But a few jagged notes from Roderick's cello are enough to spring leaks in the glass, and the legs collapse. Horrified and humiliated, she orders her gigolo to carry her back to her office. Roderick plays his most tragic piece, and Narcissa sings sadly to it as her memories return. Chester goes to comfort Helen, but she stabs him with a giant piece of glass from her shattered legs. The bleeding Chester staggers out smoking a cigar, dropping a match in a puddle of spilled beer. Soon the entire building goes up in flames. Teddy rescues Helen, and Roderick and Narcissa escape. Chester staggers to a piano and plays Narcissa's ballad &mdash; the saddest music in the world &mdash; as he burns in the fire.
27975390	Reportedly, the film is about slum kids who are trained for a dance competition.Shaimak Davar in a director's avatar
6167400	The film is similar in some ways to Seth Michael Donsky's 1996 film Twisted made prior to Tierney's film. Like in Donsky's film, the plot of Oliver Twist is updated to the present day, and moved out of the London poor house onto the streets of Toronto. In addition, the tale is told not from Oliver's point of view, but rather that of Dodge . The prosaically beautiful Oliver  falls into the hands of down-and-out young men. Dodge takes Oliver under his wing and instructs him in the unforgiving arts of drug abuse and prostitution. Oliver develops a crush on Dodge and views him as his boyfriend, complicating their friendship. Dodge does not reciprocate his feelings, and reacts angrily to Oliver's kisses and other signs of affection. As Oliver's innocence dissolves, both young men confront their demons and ultimately it is Dodge who finds he cannot escape his past. Dodge is found by his abusive brother around the same time the young mens care taker commits suicide, sending Dodge into a violent rage at the films conclusion.
17711304	In 1917, former newspaperman William Gordon  enlists in the U.S. Army. The day before he is to leave Washington, D.C. for the fighting in Europe, he meets socialite Joel Carter . The couple spend the day together. He tells her that, because he once wrote a book on cryptography under a pen name, the army is searching for him to put him to work behind a desk, but he is eager to fight the Germans. The next day, just before he boards his train, Lieutenant Gordon is ordered to report to John Carter , the Assistant Secretary of War. He reassigns the unhappy Gordon to Major William Brennan  to spend the war decoding German transmissions. He learns that Joel had revealed his secret to her uncle, John Carter, in order to keep him around. The U.S. is preparing to send its army across the Atlantic Ocean, but there are grave worries about the U-boat threat. Brennan comes up with the idea to have British escorts meet American transports before they enter the most dangerous zone. For maximum security, the rendezvous point is to be transmitted in code to the ships the day before. An ammunition ship is sent first to test the new system. Unbeknownst to the Americans, a German spy ring in the city has already cracked their code and deliberately allowed the ship through in order to lure more valuable troop transports into their trap. However, when Gordon manages to decipher one of their messages, he realizes the truth and alerts his superiors. Brennan suspects his supposedly unbreakable code was stolen by his mistress, Olivia Karloff , and sets a trap. He catches her red-handed, but foolishly he is alone, and she shoots him dead. To her dismay, she is ordered to sacrifice herself to divert suspicion from the spy ring. When she attends Brennan's funeral, Gordon has her brought in for questioning. Carter sees her enter Gordon's office and becomes very jealous. Gordon lets Karloff go free so that she might lead him to the rest of the spies. The Germans decide to betray one of their own men, Captain Nicholas Nieterstein , in order to reassure the Americans and get them to resume operations. When he is arrested at the Russian Embassy, Nieterstein apologizes to Ambassador Gregory  for giving his loyalty to his mother's country before flinging himself through a window to his death. Afterward, Gordon escorts a shaken Karloff back to her hotel, where he discovers her guilt. However, since the hotel is staffed by German agents, he is the one who is captured. He refuses to divulge the new American code until they show him that Carter is also a prisoner; she had followed the pair to the hotel. He then gives in and provides the coordinates of the new rendezvous point. When the Germans transmit the information, it is decoded by the Americans. The latitude and longitude that Gordon had given are actually the address of the hotel. Gordon and Carter  are rescued. They get married.
18392317	Betty is startled awake in her bed on a stormy night. She searches for the cause of the shock while she sings the song. Then, unexplainable phenomena start happening in the house. Mysterious Mose  appears, and sings part of the song. Bizarre cartoon creatures appear and, at first, sing and enhance Mose's "mysterious" image. Quickly, however, the antics become frightful even to Mose. The film escalates into chaos, which ends when Mose bursts, revealing him having been a construction  the whole time. Graveyard Jamboree with Mysterious Mose is a short film made in 1998 by film makers Seamus Walsh and Mark Caballero of Screen Novelties. The film utilizes puppetry, stop motion and silhouette animation to tell the story of an otherworldly creature preparing a celebration in a cemetery. Walsh and Caballero used the song Mysterious Mose recorded in 1930 by Harry Reser and his Radio All-star Novelty Orchestra. The film has gained world wide attention in film festivals and has retained a small cult audience.
15161056	{{plot}} The film begins with a boy named Michael , a kid who has the hots for a beautiful girl named Jada , but is always rejected because Jada is stuck with a gangster, Lorenzo , and when Michael comes close to her, he is threatened with bodily harm by getting beat up by both Lorenzo and his homeboys, T-Bone  and Baby Boy . But Michael is secretly involved in black magic, and tries to bring a doll that he keeps calling Killjoy to life. But the spell does not work quickly; after he is abducted by the gangsters and brought into an abandoned area of the woods, Michael is accidentally shot and killed by Lorenzo when they were supposedly joking around with him. A year later, Jada is now going out with a guy named Jamal , who is just as nice as Michael was. Meanwhile, Lorenzo is now going out with a girl named Kahara , who is just like Jada. When Lorenzo leaves to have sex with her, T-Bone and Baby Boy go to get some ice-cream to get munchies, when the ice-cream man, who's dressed up like a clown  really sells drugs. Baby Boy and T-Bone hop in the truck, when suddenly, they end up in some abandoned building, far away from where they live. They split up to find a way out. Baby Boy finds a way out, but before he can make a run for it, he gets rammed into the wall by the ice-cream truck. Meanwhile, T-Bone finds some pot lying on the ground and starts to smoke it, when suddenly, the pot starts to burn him, and his body vanishes, and ends up back to his hide-out, along with Baby Boy. Meanwhile, Lorenzo, after having sex with Kahara, hears something outside her apartment building, and goes outside to check. He finds the ice-cream truck and opens the door, and the ice-cream man pulls him in, and ends up at the abandoned building. After finding the ice-cream man, he confronts him and shows him the  corpses of T-Bone and Baby Boy; after they fade away, he shoots the ice-cream man dozens of times, but the ice-cream man sucks up the bullets (a spoof of [[The Mask  and shoots the bullets out of his mouth, killing Lorenzo. Meanwhile, one of Jada's friends, Monique , calls Jada, telling her that some guy  came in to her room and needs them to come over. The homeless man tells them that Lorenzo killed Michael a year ago, and explains that Michael was brought back to life by the Ice Cream Man, whose real name's Killjoy, the doll Michael has, and tells them that Killjoy just killed Lorenzo, Baby Boy, and T-Bone. Then he tells them that Killjoy/Michael can be killed by Jada, because the love of a young woman can destroy the evil in the heart. Before leaving, he tells them that they have to kill the doll the spirit of the ice cream man came from, and the ice cream truck is outside. Still not believing what the homeless man said, they go inside the ice-cream truck to check it out, and they end up in the abandoned building, where they're confronted by T-Bone, Baby Boy, and Lorenzo, who souls' are under Killjoy's control and are now his accomplices. The trio start fighting the accomplices until all three are killed. Then Killjoy comes out and knocks Jamal and Monique out. He asks Jada for a kiss, upon which Jada agrees to do so, under one condition: that he will leave her world and never come back. But instead of disappearing, Killjoy transforms into Michael. Michael tells Jada that he did it all for her. Jada, who desperately wants to stop Michael/Killjoy from killing, stabs Michael to death, and Michael fades away. Jamal, Jada, and Monique are about to leave when Killjoy, Lorenzo, T-Bone, and Baby Boy appear behind them. Jada then remembers from the Homeless man that they have to kill the doll. The trio frantically run back into the ice-cream truck, where they end up in Michael's house, where the doll lies on the floor. The doll turns into Michael, who constantly begs her for forgiveness, but Jada continues to stab it. The earth starts to shake, and while Jada, Jamal, and Monique try to stay still within the circle of candles without breaking it, Baby Boy, T-Bone, and Lorenzo's souls are sucked into a portal. The trio then watch as Killjoy finishes off Michael , and the trio are sent back to Jada's room, where the homeless man thanks them, and vanishes, meaning he's an angel from heaven. The trio decides to go out and eat, when they are confronted by Ray Jackson , and Tamara , who are both in Jada's English class. Ray says that he gained access into the club free because his brother owns the place, and his name is......Killjoy! The trio then see that Ray turns into Killjoy, and Tamara turns into Lorenzo. Killjoy starts laughing maniacally at the trio, with Jada screaming "NO!", until Jada wakes up in bed, along with Jamal, indicating that the entire experience was all a dream. Jamal tries to calm Jada down by going under the covers to perform oral sex on her, but then rises from the covers as Killjoy. The film ends with a shot of Jada screaming and Killjoy stating, "That was some good pussay!!!", followed by evil laughter.
21500407	{{Plot}} Husband and wife Rawdon  and Miranda  are soulmates. Their love for each other is palpable as they lie in bed treasuring their 6 month old daughter Quincey. Miranda fantasizes about the speech she plans to make when, one day in their future, she will give this tiny infant away at her wedding. Tragically, when Quincey is 3, Miranda is killed in a car accident and Rawdon is left alone, unmoored, to continue life without the love of his life. Fortunately Rawdon still has Quincey. Staying as strong as he can he takes her to the roof of a skyscraper and explains that Mommy is now an angel. It is up here that for the first time they see a vision of Miranda as an angel. Rawdon continues to see visions of her. Initially these visions help him—at home she gives him advice about parenting; in Portugal she softens his hardness; when he hides in the closet to isolate himself she snaps some sense into him and insists that Rawdon keep her mother, father and brother—Quincey's Grandparents  and Uncle Jack  – firmly in Quincey's life. Rawdon explains these visions to his therapist Paula  as she helps him with the long grieving process and over a period of years, with Quincey growing before our eyes, Rawdon tries to move on with his life. He tries to date other women. Disastrously. He falls instantly in love with Sam  who ends up becoming his good friend and a surrogate Aunt to Quincey. He dates other including Kimberly  who Quincey wisely suggests is far better suited to her Uncle Jack. And she is right. When Jack and Kimberly get married, Rawdon is their best man. All the while Miranda's metaphysical presence is with him. He goes from needing her, to blaming her, being angry at her. But for a long, long time he won't let her go away. Part of him wants her to stay alive in his imagination forever and gradually this presence that helped him initially eventually becomes an impediment to his moving on in life. In contrast to her Dad's stagnation, Quincey is growing up fast , and in no time she is dating, stealing cars, trying to set her Dad up with her best friend's divorced Moms, going off to University and falling in love with a Frenchman named Philippe. It is not until Rawdon finally plucks up the courage to ask out somebody who might just be right for him that he finally, tearfully, asks Miranda to leave him. This is ultimately a coming of age story. We watch Quincey literally come of age whilst her father, emotionally, comes of age. He eventually gives up the now stultifying memory of his dead wife and arrives at a new beginning. The end of this story is also the beginning of another where Rawdon, surrounded by the people he loves—but without Miranda—finds himself giving Quincey away at her wedding to Philippe. And here he makes the speech that Miranda made in bed with him and Quincey so many years before.
3459677	Raj Mittal , Veer Saxena  and Aryan Kapoor  are unhappy with their respective marriages even though they love their spouses. Their wives Bhavana , Diya  and Sonia  are busy with their everyday lives, and their husbands feel ignored by them. Bhavana constantly uses religion as an excuse to not be intimate with her husband, Diya aspires to be an actress, and Sonia is a lawyer who is obsessed with her cases. Soon the three men come across three beauties: Madhuri , Rekha  and Dimple . It is not long before they are tempted by them. Unfortunately for them Lucky Bhai  is out to make hell and expose them to their unassuming wives.
34420857	Nirmal ([[Karthik  teaches piano to Usha . Nirmal meets Janaki  many times and they fall in love with each other. When his student Usha tells him her love, Nirmal says that he is love with Janaki and they will get married soon. Melancholic, she commits suicide. Later, many people cross Nirmal's path thinking it's Babu. At the marriage ceremony, Satyavati  tries to stop thinking it's her son Babu and they all explain it's Nirmal. Few days after the marriage, Nirmal meets an accident and his car burns, the police officers concludes that he's dead. In actuality, Satyavati was Usha's mother, created the character of Babu and she escrows Nirmal. When Nirmal says the truth to Janaki, she thinks that it's Babu. Janaki's father tells to Satyavati that Janaki is her daughter. Satyavati forgives Nirmal, but he decides to revenge her and Usha, he goes to jail for Nirmal's murder as Babu. Satyavati appoints Rajagopal , a lawyer, to save him. Finally, Nirmal is liberated and Satyavati dies to rejoin her late daughter Usha.
18369853	Introduction: The usual chase starts for a few seconds until it stops for the  Latin names: Ultra-sonicus Ad Infinitum and Nemesis Ridiculii, plus a "bonus" name for the Road Runner's beep: Beepius-beepius. The chase then moves around mountain corners until it ends on a mountainside, with the Road Runner ducking behind a corner and leaving a cloud of dust for the coyote to run into. Wile E. rides the dust cloud all the way through the air, and finally stops to determine where he is, a question mark appearing over his head. He opens a "door" in the cloud only to see that he is in midair, and sheepishly closes the door as the cloud disperses, and then changes his question mark of surprise to an exclamation point before the inexorable pull of gravity takes effect. 1. The pair pull up onto opposite outcroppings, and Wile E. attempts to pole-vault from his to his opponent's, but this causes the end of his outcropping to crumble and the coyote to fall down. Seeing his impending humiliation approaching, Wile E. attempts to make the best of it by climbing up the pole; however, he keeps falling back to the bottom of it. Eventually, the pole turns around so fast that it whirs like a propeller, and then grinds against a cliffside all the way down to the part Wile E. is holding. When it finally stops rotating, the coyote then pulls himself onto the narrow bar left of the pole and accepts his fate. 2. In a gag that sees four attempts in this cartoon, Wile E. sits on a rocket and lights the fuse, aiming towards the Road Runner on the opposite site of the chasm.  The first attempt fails when the fuel and nosecone launch out of the rocket, leaving Wile E. sitting on an empty hull. The hull crunches down, and then Wile falls, annoyed, to the canyon floor. 3. As the Road Runner burns rubber on the ground roads, Wile E. is pulling back on a falling safe attached to a rope and pulley. Eventually, however, the weight overcomes him and the coyote is pulled through the pulley, removing all of his chest fur, and then down onto a see-saw as the safe lands next to him. Wile then slides off the rock face to fall into the canyon a fourth time, and is then smashed by the safe, leaving the coyote's torso thin and flat. 4. The second attempt at the rocket is foiled when the rocket falls out of its aim towards the Road Runner and points directly downwards before it fires, leading to an extra-speedy fifth fall. 5. Now, Ross animates a sequence in which Wile E. sticks a firecracker into the center hole of a Frisbee  and throws it at his nemesis, but before he releases the disc, the firecracker drops out of the hole and sizzles at Wile E's foot. The coyote doesn't notice until he puts his foot down on the firework and instinctively pulls it away just before it explodes, leaving him dazed but apparently unhurt. Wile then walks away like Charlie Chaplin, revealing behind him that his tail is on fire, unknown to him until he passes the horizon and he yelps in pain! 6. On his third attempt with the rocket, he lights the fuse but it burns quickly and fires successfully out from under him before he could get ready and leaves Wile floating in midair with a cloud of dust blocking his view below. Unable to see what is below him, Wile pokes his foot through the cloud and consequently suffers gravity for the sixth time, as he holds up a sign stating "GOODBYE" and then flipping to "AGAIN".  7. To get the bird to stick, Wile leaves out a sheet of ACME Giant Fly Paper in the road and sits down on a rock, laughing at his "genius". He hears a braking noise, assumes the Road Runner has been caught, and leaps out to catch him, but instead of the Road Runner, he has caught an actual giant fly. The fly is very unhappy about being stuck on the paper and thus wraps the coyote with it, who tiptoes away from the scene. 8. On his final attempt at the skyrocket, Wile E. accidentally ignites his tail instead of the fuse, and detects his mistake and leaps up in pain only to smash his head on another outcropping. Fortunately, this causes him to return to the rocket and to light the fuse with his tail, and after it takes off is struggling briefly to get control then puts out the fire on his tail. Unfortunately, the rocket is off target, and it bores through the cliff under the Road Runner, who allows the coyote to be humiliated privately. The rocket finally explodes, blackening the coyote and throwing him back into the air. Displeased, Wile E. holds up a yellow sign asking "HOW DID I EVER GET INTO THIS LINE OF WORK?" before falling for a seventh time. 9. A new plan is formulated, where Wile E. attempts to blow up the Road Runner by pelting explosive tennis balls at him. The first ball seamlessly blows up a cactus with no issues , and the coyote is eager to try them at work. As luck would have it, the Road Runner is heard, and Wile is quick to lob another ball at him, but just misses, and the ball then drops onto the arm of a cactus, which throws it directly back to its owner. A little agitated, the coyote returns the ball, and this time it is caught by power lines and slung back out of Wile E.'s reach. The ball pops directly back into its original slot in the box of balls as Wile E. arrives on the scene and takes stock. Sensing the coming explosions, Wile E. holds up a pair of signs: "For Sale One used Tennis Racket" and "CHEAP!" before  a "GIGANTIC EXPLOSION!" occurs. 10. The whole cartoon, however, is best known for its ending gag. Wile E. Coyote is chasing the Road Runner through a series of pipelines, which causes both of them to emerge in a greatly shrunken state. Upon discovering their situation, they agree to re-enter the pipeline and be transformed back into full size. The Road Runner emerges at normal size, but Wile is still in small size when he comes out. Upon discovering this turn of fortune, the Road Runner stops and allows his rival to "catch" him. The coyote doesn't notice anything until he steps over his opponent's feet and rushes back to finally "catch" the Road Runner. The coyote is ecstatic and pulls out his knife and fork to eat his opponent...until he stares more closely at the bird's huge legs, which are twice as tall as he is, and looks up to see he is massively outgunned. The Road Runner gives an amplified "beep-beep", causing Wile to drop his utensils in shock. He can only hold up signs to the audience stating, "Okay, wise guys, you always wanted me to catch him -" and "Now what do I do?". Well, That's all Folks!
529276	 On the island of Amity, sheriff Martin Brody, the hero of previous shark attacks, has died from a heart attack. His wife, Ellen Brody , thinks it was from fear of the shark. She now lives with their son Sean  and his fiancee Tiffany . Sean works as a police deputy and is sent to clear a log from a buoy a few days before Christmas. As he does so, a massive great white shark bursts out of the water, rips off his arm, and then pulls him under the surface and kills him, sinking his boat in the process. Ellen is convinced that the shark targeted Sean on purpose. She decides to go to the Bahamas to spend time with her older son Michael , his wife Carla ([[Karen Young , and their five-year-old daughter Thea . There, Ellen meets carefree airplane pilot Hoagie . Michael&nbsp;– along with partners Jake , William, and Clarence – work as marine biologists. At one point, the shark that killed Sean unexpectedly appears and attempts "devouring" their boat but fails. The crew decides to keep quiet about the shark's presence due to Ellen's attempts of convincing Michael to find a job on land. Ellen becomes so obsessive that she starts having nightmares of being attacked by a shark. Then she starts getting psychic feelings when the shark attacks Michael. She and the shark seem to share a strange connection that is unexplained. The crew decides to attach a device to the shark that would track its heartbeat. Using chum to attract the beast, Jake stabs the device's tracking pole into the beast's side. The next day, Michael is chased by the shark and barely manages to escape unharmed, and soon enough, Thea goes on an inflatable banana boat with her friend Margaret and her mother. During Carla Brody's speech about her sculpture ... the shark suddenly attacks, kills Margaret's mother and scares Thea. Ellen Brody is horrified by the event and, to end the farce, goes on Jake's boat. She intends to sacrifice herself to stop the killing. Michael soon returns home and lets the truth slip about the shark, which doesn't turn out well. Michael and Jake are eventually flown by Hoagie to look for Ellen and they find her and the shark in pursuit of her boat. Hoagie lands the plane on the water, ordering Michael and Jake swim to the boat as the shark drags the plane and Hoagie underwater. Michael was upset with Ellen for putting herself in danger, and Ellen apologized for worrying him. Much to Ellen Brody's disbelief, Hoagie survives. Jake and Michael hastily put together an explosive powered by electrical impulses. Michael and Jake go back up on deck and begin blasting the shark with the impulses, which begin to drive the shark mad. As Jake moves to the front of the boat, the shark is absent until it unexpectedly lunges out from the water, giving it the chance to pull Jake under and maul him, although he manages to get the explosive into the shark's mouth before he is dragged under and attacked. Michael continues to blast the shark with the impulses, causing it to rise out of the water again, igniting the bomb right as Ellen thrusts the broken bowsprit into its stomach. The shark explodes upon impact and the front of the ship sinks to the bottom of the sea with the creature's corpse. Michael then hears Jake, severely injured but alive, floating in the water, and the four survive the harsh encounter and make it back to land. The film concludes as Hoagie flies Ellen back to Amity Island.
20631892	Sagar Alias Jacky  is a gangster who is known for solving problems among big gangs. The Chief Minister's son-in-law, Manu is kidnapped and the police are unable to find a clue. Manu's wife Indu realises that the police have been influenced by her brother Hari who seems to know the kidnappers. Indu decides to call her best friend Sagar to help find her husband. Sagar calls his best henchmen from all over Kerala for the job. The gang then travels to Goa where Sagar's contact tells him that the kidnappers are the Rosario brothers who run the most powerful gang in the Goa underworld. After considerable difficulties, Sagar and his gang locate the night club where Manu is held hostage and helps him to escape. This audacity does not sit well with the Rosarios who swear vengeance against Sagar. They kidnap one of Sagar's favourite gangsters and demand ransom. Sagar responds by kidnapping two of the three Rosario brothers and demands that his man be released at once. Realising that they would never be able to defeat Sagar in a heads-on battle, the Rosario brothers make a deal with Manu and Hari to deliver Sagar's current location. The Rosarios then try to assassinate Sagar but fail. Frustrated with repeated defeats, the Rosarios then approach Sagar's rival, Nanthakrishna Naina([[Suman . Naina supplies them with a sniper, Sheikh Imran, who is also an internationally infamous assassin. Imran is asked to assassinate Manu so that the Sagar can be framed for the murder. But the Rosarios' plan backfires as Indu gives witness that Sagar was not responsible for her husband's murder. Imran is then asked to assassinate Sagar. He manages to kill Sagar's bodyguard but Sagar himself escapes. Sagar then hunts him down and kills him. The Rosarios then kidnap Sagar's love interest Arati, a news reporter. Sagar is asked to come to a place to work out a deal. When he reaches there, he finds Arati dead. Enraged, Sagar goes to the Rosarios' club and goes on a killing spree. Then he goes to Dubai where Naina is hiding on a yacht. With the help of some gangsters he plants explosives on the yacht and blows it up. The film ends when Sagar informs Indu that her husband has been avenged.
24577134	Ralph Bellamy is "The Healer"  in this 1930s morally uplifting pot-boiler. Bellamy is a doctor that has come home to a warm springs to try to heal children from the unnamed crippling disease . He runs a destitute camp for these children, assisted by Evelyn  who looks upon the Doc as a great man. Mickey Rooney is Jimmy, a paraplegic kid whom the Doc promises to cure. This little triangle is interrupted by rich girl Joan who cons the good Doc into building a sanitorium for the wealthy with her father's money. Doc is momentarily swayed, but comes to his senses just as a forest fire threatens his original cabins around the warm spring. His treatment of Jimmy pays off as Jimmy rides a bicycle to save the day. Doc realizes that his true love is Evelyn, not the self-interested Joan.
32556450	Set in one-day, three people embark together on a car trip from Madrid to Almeria. Antonio  is a successful industrialist, however he is dismayed that his personal life does not reflect his glittering career. He is insecure about his faltering marriage to Teresa , whom he believes is having an affair with his best friend, Antonio .<ref name1991|first D'Lugo|titlePrinceton University Press}}
455089	Staff Sgt. Raphael "Jinji" Moked is ordered by his captain, company commander Shamgar, to retrieve Sergio Constanza, a deserter from reserve service. On his way he meets his girlfriend Yaeli and offers to talk to her father, Victor Hasson, to get a blessing for their relationship. Hasson gives his blessing, believing that Moked came for his older daughter Shifra, but throws him out of the house after finding out this was not so. Yaeli does not wish to part from Moked, and sneaks into a suitcase in his jeep. Meanwhile, Sergio Constanza tricks several other gamblers into losing thousands of dollars, which he intends to use to repay his debt to Mr. Hasson. The gamblers find out about the plot however, which leaves Sergio with no choice but to run away to the army with Moked. Moked and Constanza make it to the Sinai base, and Mr. Hasson follows them posing as Constanza. When he is not allowed into the base, he steals a loader to break in. Meanwhile, Moked finds out that Yaeli came with them, and Constanza comes up with a plot to make her an authorized visitor, by claiming that she is a singer/entertainer sent from the Education Corps. Mr. Hasson arrives at the base with the loader, and is caught by the soldiers in a fishing net. Shamgar calls the brigadier about the incident. He then meets with Yaeli in private and they start dancing African dances half-nude. As the brigadier is about to arrive, Moked releases Mr. Hasson, who is forced to temporarily reconcile with Constanza. The brigadier finds Shamgar dancing alone and making noises, deems him insane, and takes him away in his helicopter. Moked is made the temporary commander of the outpost. It is discovered that Mr. Hasson is an excellent cook. He transforms the military kitchen into a restaurant-like establishment, and then denies Constanza access. In revenge, Constanza tricks Hasson into buying a plot of land from him for the owed money, which Hasson believes to be an oil field. Constanza eats food from another soldier, Wasserman. He then tries to help Moked by matching this Wasserman with Shifra Hasson, Yaeli's older sister. Shifra arrives at the base but isn't impressed with Wasserman, and falls in love with Constanza instead. Hasson goes fishing, but then accidentally goes over the border and encounters an Egyptian patrol, which takes him captive. The Israeli soldiers devise a plot to rescue him by posing as UN observers. While the plot doesn't go as planned, Hasson is eventually rescued and returned to the base. When Hasson returns to the base, he discovers that the plot of land that Sergio sold him isn't really an oil field. However, an inasane Shamgar appears and falls into the hole dug there by Hasson, making oil come out. The film ends with Hasson, Moked and Constanza trying to sell the oil in Tel Aviv early in the morning.
23266463	Rachel , a high school girl, seems to have the life that most people envy: she has a steady boyfriend, great friends, and a place on the school's soccer team. Preparing for college and separating from her boyfriend are the main worries of this teen, as she lives a carefree life like most girls her age. However, Rachel's world falls apart the day she discovers that Jason , the guy whom she lost her virginity to at a party and died in a car accident a few months ago, was HIV positive and an heavy IV drug user. Rachel immediately goes to an AIDS clinic to get a rapid swab test, which comes back positive. Devastated by the fact that she may actually be infected with the virus, Rachel then confides in her substitute teacher, Sarah , who has secretly been living with the disease for years. But both young women are about to find out their secrets will not be kept secret for very long, as word begins to spread throughout their high school and rumors fly, making some of these students realize that they may not be as "invincible" as they think they are.
35779717	A Mexican widow  receives a letter from the high school attended by her son . It informs her that the boy is about to fail his geometry exams for the third time. The woman berates her son, then turns on the television, refusing to speak to him. The boy leaves the room, vowing that he will never fail geometry again. The boy resorts to using black magic in order to pass the exam. In a dark room, he reads from a tome of sorcery, which states, "As a protection for the invocation of a major demon, place yourself inside a pentagon drawn with your own blood. This pentagon will be your only protection." The boy proceeds to follow these instructions. While the woman sits in the living room, watching a pastiche of The Exorcist, she hears her son screaming from the next room. When she enters, she finds him standing in the middle of the bloody seal. He shouts a warning, telling her that the pentagon is his only protection. A glowing portal opens in the wall, and a demon  steps through. The boy asks the demon to grant two wishes. The first is that he will not fail geometry again. The second is the return of his father, Francisco, who died in an accident three months ago. The demon complies with the latter, causing Francisco to materialise immediately. However, he is now a mindless zombie. Francisco kills and eats his wife, while their son looks on in horror, unable to step out of the pentagon for fear of losing its magical protection. The demon commands the boy to surrender, but he refuses to give in, saying that he cannot be harmed while he stands within the pentagon. The demon reasons that he has already granted one of the boy's two wishes: his family is together again. He also points out that what the boy has drawn is not a pentagon, but a hexagon, which offers no magical protection whatsoever. The demon muses that the boy's other wish has also been granted: he will never fail geometry again. Francisco approaches his son from behind and takes hold of his head, tilting it backwards. The boy laments the unfairness of his situation. The demon agrees, and reaches out a hand to take hold of his throat. The screen fades to black as ripping sounds are heard. {{quote box}}
23299845	This film focuses on the interrelationships between Deaf culture and language in France. Its overview encompasses a broad range of perspectives, costrasting the stories of a family who has been deaf and thriving for five generations with the story of a woman whose deafness was misunderstood, causing her to be confined for a time in an asylum for the insane. The documentary features hearing-impaired people of all ages and from all walks of life. With their profound deafness in common, the children and adults featured in this film communicate their dreams and thoughts through sign language. In one segment, Philibert focuses his camera on group of schoolchildren who are learning how to communicate in a world where they must read lips and speak words.Nickel, Mark. "Brown to offer French Film Festival at Cable Car Cinema Feb. 10-20," Brown University News Service. February 7, 2000. The personal lives of some of the pupils and various adults are explored, including an actor, a sign-language teacher, and an engaged couple.Harvard Film Archive Cinematheque: In the Land of the Deaf.
226664	Warren Schmidt is retiring from his position as an actuary with Woodmen of the World, an insurance company in Omaha, Nebraska. Schmidt is given a retirement dinner that seems to bring no comfort. Schmidt finds it hard to adjust to his new life outside of work, feeling useless. One evening, he sees a television advertisement about a foster program for African children, Plan USA, and decides to sponsor a child. He soon receives an information package with a photo of his foster child, a small Tanzanian boy named Ndugu Umbo, to whom he relates his life in a series of candid, rambling letters. Schmidt visits his young successor to offer his help, but the offer is politely declined. As he leaves the building, Schmidt sees the contents and files of his office, the sum of his entire career, set out for garbage collectors. He describes to Ndugu his longtime alienation from Helen, his wife, who suddenly dies from a blood clot in her brain just after his retirement and their purchase of a Winnebago Adventurer motor home. Friends arrive, along with Jeannie, his only daughter, and her fiancé Randall Hertzel from Denver. They console him at the funeral, but Jeannie later berates him for taking his wife for granted, such as by refusing to fully pay for the Winnebago  and burying her in a cheap casket. He asks her to move back for a while to take care of him, but she refuses. Meanwhile, Randall tries to entice him into a pyramid scheme. Schmidt feels that Randall, a waterbed salesman, is unsuited to his daughter, who he feels could do better. After the couple leaves, Schmidt is overcome by loneliness. He stops showering, sleeps in front of the television, and goes shopping with a coat over pajamas to load up on frozen foods. In his wife's closet he discovers some hidden love letters disclosing her long-ago affair with a mutual friend. Schmidt angrily confronts the friend, cursing the betrayal. In order to find some control in his life, he decides to take a journey alone in his new Winnebago to see his daughter and convince her not to marry Randall. He tells Jeannie he's headed out early to the wedding, but she makes it clear she doesn't want him there until right before the ceremony. Schmidt visits places from his past, including his hometown and college campus. His childhood home has been replaced by a tire shop. While at a trailer campground, he is a dinner guest of a friendly and sympathetic couple. Schmidt makes at pass at the wife, and flees in terror when she adamantly rejects his advance. Schmidt later forgives the late Helen for the affair and apologizes to her for his own failings as a husband. Feeling full of purpose after forgiving his wife, Schmidt arrives in Denver with the intent of stopping Jeannie's wedding. He stays at the home of Roberta, Randall's mother. He meets Randall's socially odd, off-putting family and tries unsuccessfully to dissuade Jeannie from the marriage. Schmidt throws out his back after sleeping on Randall's waterbed, infuriating Jeannie. Schmidt later flees to his Winnebago after Roberta makes a pass at him in a hot tub. The next day, Schmidt, under the influence of oxycodone, attends the wedding and delivers a kind speech at the dinner, hiding his disapproval. Before leaving Denver, Schmidt composes a letter to Ndugu. Schmidt questions what he has accomplished in life, lamented that he will soon be dead, that his life has made no difference to anyone, and that eventually it will be as if he has never existed at all. A pile of mail is waiting for him at home. Schmidt opens a letter from Tanzania. It is from a nun, who writes that Ndugu is illiterate but appreciates Schmidt's letters and financial support very much. A painting drawn by Ndugu is enclosed, showing two smiling stick figures, one large and one small, holding hands on a sunny day. The film ends with Schmidt weeping as he looks at it.
25113407	{{Expand section}} The film follows the Bandini family as they struggle through hard times in 1920s Colorado. Unemployed and broke, Svevo Bandini  tries to come up with the money his family needs to make it through the winter, while putting up with his difficult mother-in-law , his nervous wife , and his two young boys.
27403920	Ambitious, idealistic Stephen Chase  goes to work for the Atlantis Oil Company and is sent to a remote outpost in rural China run by "No. 1 Boss" . After a while, he feels secure enough to send for his fiancée and goes to Yokohama to meet and marry her. However, when he gets there, all that is waiting for him is a telegram, in which she explains she is unwilling to live in such a backward country. He strikes up a conversation with Hester Adams . She had come to see China for the first time with her father, a professor of Oriental studies, only to have him die on the voyage. As they become better acquainted, Stephen comes up with an idea (partly to save himself from losing [[Face . He asks Hester to marry him, explaining that it would be a partnership. She is impressed by his dream of modernizing China and accepts. It does not take long however for them to fall in love. No matter what happens, nothing shakes Stephen's faith in the company. When his friend, No. 1 Boss, is callously transferred to a lesser position, the old man commits suicide rather than accept the insult. The new boss, J.T. McCarger , orders Stephen to man an even more isolated post near Siberia. Stephen is reluctant to go since Hester is pregnant with their first child, but has no choice. Once there, he makes the agonized decision to go deal with a dangerous oil fire rather than stay and help the doctor deliver the baby. When he returns, he learns that the child is dead. This causes a temporary rift between him and his wife. Things improve. Stephen is promoted and assigned to a large city in the south. The Chases becomes good friends with another couple, Don and Alice Wellman (John Eldredge and [[Jean Muir . Don works for Stephen, but he is so contemptuous of the Chinese that two important clients refuse to renew their contracts unless he is fired. Stephen is torn, but does let Don go. Don's replacement is McCarger. Despite a prolonged drought and an outbreak of cholera, Stephen ruthlessly collects payment from his customers, earning the best record of any branch in China. Then, communists take over the city. An officer  shows up at the company's offices and demands the gold stored in the safe. Stephen bargains with him and gets everyone except McCarger and himself evacuated to a ship by promising to give up the gold in a few hours. In the meantime, he sends for Ho , a very well-connected Chinese customer and good friend, hoping he can use his influence. When Ho bravely shows up however, he is shot down in cold blood by the soldiers. Outraged, Stephen and McCarger take the gold and escape out the back door. McCarger is killed and Stephen wounded, but a passing boat rescues him and the gold. In the hospital, he is visited by the new man in charge of the Orient for the company. Stephen is delighted to be offered the position of his assistant. However, when his boss outlines his plan to institute modern business practices, Stephen disagrees, explaining that, despite appearances, the "new" China is still run by the old ways. When he recovers, he is humiliated to learn that his job has been given to another man as a result. Further, he is given only menial tasks in an effort to get him to quit . Hester gives Stephen's boss a tongue lashing and reveals that her husband holds the patent for a lamp the company uses to popularize the use of its product. However, it is a call from the president of Atlantis, disturbed by the news that Stephen has been passed over for the job, that changes the man's mind. Stephen's shaken faith in the company is restored.
2524925	Littlefoot and his friends are constantly being bullied and browbeaten by three teenage dinosaurs: Hyp, a Hypsilophodon; Nod, a Nodosaurus; and Mutt, a Muttaburrasaurus. However, when a shower of flying rocks impacts near the Great Valley and causes a rock slide in the Mysterious Beyond, which blocks the water supply of the Great Valley, Hyp, Nod, and Mutt are no longer the biggest worry of Littlefoot and his friends. The increasing lack of water causes conflicts between the inhabitants of the Great Valley, who have lived in relative peace and harmony until this event. When the interspecies situation becomes worse and worse, Littlefoot and the others set out to find water, whereby to keep the peace in the Great Valley. They are pursued by Hyp and his cohorts. When Littlefoot and the others find a small lake, the teenagers emerge and claim the waterhole for themselves, demanding that Littlefoot and the others keep silent about their discovery. Unwilling to comply, Littlefoot and the others flee from the bullies and during the following pursuit, the bullies are then chased away by a wasp after Mutt accidentally called it a dummy, and the kids discover the reason for the blockage of the Great Valley’s water source. Before they can return and tell the other Valley inhabitants the truth, the storm approaches, a lightning strike on a tree, ignites a wildfire that spreads rapidly through the dried Valley. The dinosaurs barely make it to safety at the edge of the Mysterious Beyond while the fire ravages their home. When the protagonists tell the other dinosaurs of their discovery of the water's being blocked in the Mysterious Beyond by the rock slide, disunity about what to do prevents the adult dinosaurs from doing anything to utilize this knowledge. Hyp, Mutt, and Nod set out into the Mysterious Beyond on their own to get to the water first. Anticipating the danger to which Hyp and his cohorts have exposed themselves, and recognizing commonality with them, Littlefoot and the others follow them, in order to help if necessary. It becomes necessary when a pool of water Hyp enters turns out to be a dangerous tar pit. Littlefoot and the others pull him out of the tar by combined effort. Soon afterwards, the adult dinosaurs appear in search of their offspring and are united by the understanding that it was the unity of their children that helped them to find water. It is implied during the discussion thereof that Hyp's own experience of harsh treatment by his father is the cause of his harshness toward others after he bullies Littlefoot and the others and leads the argument of Cera's father and Littlefoot's grandfather with Cera's dad calling Littlefoot a bad influence enraging Grandpa which he causes, and implied later that being treated kindly improves the temperaments of Hyp and his sidekicks. Before they are able to take further steps, the herd is attacked by a pack of four small Sharpteeth. The following pursuit leads to the bed of the now dry river that flows through the Great Valley and exactly to the spot where a dam of boulders created by the rockslide has blocked the river. During the following encounter between the sharpteeth and the herbivorous dinosaurs, the unity of the children &mdash; a group which now includes Hyp and his cronies &mdash; proves elemental. Cera's father, Littlefoot's grandfather, and later Hyp's father keep the sharpteeth occupied while Cera and the now placid teenagers succeed in breaking the dam. They all watch as the freed water washes away the sharpteeth . The herbivores return to the Valley, which now has enough water for them, although the fire has destroyed most of the plants on which they feed. Working together, the dinosaurs survive the time until the plants start to grow again by feeding on the last remains of the plants, moving from one verdant area to another and sharing everything they find; a behavior which gives this time its name “The Time of the Great Giving”.
657446	In Los Angeles, California Fletcher Reede  is a career-focused lawyer and divorced father. He loves spending time with his young son Max ([[Justin Cooper ; they often play a game where Fletcher makes his hand into "the Claw" and pretends to chase Max with it. But Fletcher has a habit of giving precedence to his job, breaking promises to Max and his ex-wife Audrey , and then lying about the reasons. Fletcher's compulsive lying has also built him a reputation as one of the best defense lawyers in the state of California as he is climbing the ladder in the firm for which he works. Ultimately, Fletcher misses his son's fifth birthday party because he is having sex with his boss Miranda , in the hopes of making partner. Max makes a birthday wish that his father would be unable to tell a lie for an entire day &mdash; a wish that immediately becomes true. Fletcher soon discovers, through a series of embarrassing incidents &mdash; such as when he tells Miranda that he has "had better" sex than he just did with her &mdash; that he is unable to lie, mislead, or even withhold a true answer. These incidents are inconvenient, as he is fighting a divorce case in court which, should he win, could be a huge boost to his career. His client is the self-centered, money grabbing Samantha Cole . His main witness is willing to commit perjury to win, but Fletcher discovers that he cannot even ask a question if he knows the answer will be a lie; during the case he even objects to himself when he tries to lie to get the desired information. Meanwhile, Audrey is planning to move to Boston with her new boyfriend Jerry , and decides that Max is going with them so that she can protect him from getting hurt by Fletcher. Fletcher tries desperately to delay the case, even beating himself up, but he cannot conceal that he is able to continue, so the judge  insists that he does. Finally he realizes that his client had lied about her age and therefore had signed her prenuptial agreement while a minor, rendering it invalid. This allows him to win his case truthfully, but the repercussions become a catalyst to his understanding of what he himself is about to lose. Samantha who only cared about her ex-husband's money, takes custody of her children purely so her ex-husband would be forced to continue paying her for child care and literally pulls the children out of the arms of their responsible and caring father. Fletcher then has a crisis of conscience and shouts at the judge to reverse the decision, and is taken to jail for contempt of court. Audrey refuses to pay his bail, which is eventually paid by his secretary Greta , who forgives him for his earlier rude truth-tellings after hearing he "went all noble" in front of their firm's senior partner. Now recognizing his son Max as his highest priority, Fletcher struggles to keep him. He hurries to the airport, but Audrey and Max's plane has already left the terminal. Desperate, he hijacks a mobile stairway and pursues the plane onto the runway. The plane finally stops, but Fletcher is injured. On his way to the hospital, he vows to his son to spend more time with him and never hurt him again. Even though the 24 hours of truth are up, Max knows he means it, and Audrey decides not to move to Boston with Jerry after all. One year later, Fletcher and Audrey are celebrating Max's birthday. The lights go off when Max blows out his birthday candles. When they go back on, Fletcher and Audrey are kissing. Fletcher asks Max if he wished for his mom and his dad to get back together and Max replies "No, I wished for roller blades!" The family seemingly returns to normal as Fletcher chases Audrey and Max around the house with "the Claw".
1591973	In 1927, young belle Charlotte Hollis  and her married lover, John Mayhew , plan to elope during a party at the Hollis family's antebellum mansion in Ascension Parish, Louisiana. However, after Charlotte's father intimidates him, telling him that John's wife had visited the day before and revealed the affair, John pretends he no longer loves Charlotte and tells her they must part. John is then brutally murdered and decapitated in the summerhouse with a cleaver, with one hand severed. Charlotte discovers the body. She returns traumatized to the party in a bloodied dress, leading most to presume that she is the murderer. The story jumps to 1964. Charlotte is now a wealthy spinster, still living on the plantation home that has been in her family for generations. Charlotte's father died the year after Mayhew's murder, believing his daughter guilty. Charlotte has believed all these years that her father killed Mayhew, but everyone else assumes that it was Charlotte, the crazy recluse, who decapitated her lover. The story picks up as the Louisiana Highway Commission is making preparations to demolish her house and build a new highway through the property. Charlotte is vehemently against this and ignores the eviction notice, refusing to leave. She keeps the foreman , his demolition crew, and the bulldozer away by shooting at them with a rifle. They temporarily give up and leave. Charlotte is living with her housekeeper, Velma , in the Hollis mansion. Seeking help in her fight against the Highway Commission, she calls upon Miriam , a poor cousin who lived with the family as a girl. Miriam renews her relationship with Drew Bayliss , a local doctor who jilted her after the murder. Charlotte's sanity deteriorates with Miriam's arrival, her nights haunted by a mysterious harpsichord playing the song Mayhew wrote for her and by the appearance of Mayhew's disembodied hand and head. Velma, suspecting that Miriam and Drew are after Charlotte's money, seeks help from Mr. Willis , an insurance investigator who is still interested in the Mayhew case and who has visited Mayhew's ailing widow, Jewel . Miriam fires Velma, who later returns and discovers that Charlotte is being drugged. Miriam sees the housekeeper trying to take Charlotte out of the house. The two argue at the top of the stairs. Velma tries to escape, but knowing Velma has discovered the drugs, Miriam smashes a chair over her head. Velma falls down the stairs to her death. One night, a drugged Charlotte runs downstairs in the grip of a hallucination, believing John has returned to her. Miriam and Drew decide to trick Charlotte into shooting Drew with a gun loaded with blanks, after which Miriam helps dispose of the "body" in a swamp. Charlotte returns to the house and sees the supposedly dead Drew at the top of the stairs, reducing her to whimpering insanity. Now believing Charlotte completely mad and secure in her room, Miriam and Drew go into the garden to discuss their plan: to drive Charlotte insane in order to get her money. Miriam also tells Drew that back in 1927 she saw Jewel murder her husband. She's been using this knowledge to blackmail Jewel for all these years, while plotting to gain possession of Charlotte's wealth. Charlotte overhears all. She moves toward a huge stone urn on the ledge of the balcony, almost directly over the lovers' heads. Miriam embraces Drew, then the two look up and into Charlotte's knowing eyes. They are paralyzed by the sight as Charlotte tips the stone urn off the ledge, crushing them both to death. The next morning, the authorities take Charlotte away, presumably to an insane asylum. Many neighbors and locals gather at the Hollis home to watch the proceedings, believing that crazy Charlotte has murdered again. Willis hands her an envelope from the now-dead Jewel Mayhew, who has had a stroke after hearing of the incident the previous night. The note contains Jewel's confession to the murder of her husband. As the authorities drive Charlotte away, she looks back at her beloved plantation, apparently for the last time.
12383757	The story is based on the requirement of Spanish land owners in California to register their lands before a deadline and the chicanery practiced by some to prevent registration.
4355919	Set in the 1960s, the film follows the lead character Kent , as he travels along the California coast. As he drifts, he recalls his former troubled girlfriend, Bobbi  who committed suicide after he broke off their relationship. During his travels he meets up with different women. However, he moves along rather than stay put in hopes of finding a meaning to his life.
32163620	In the winter of 1945, immediately after the liberation, Jean Diego , a member of the French underground during World War II, meets Raymond, one of his comrades in arm who was believed to have succumbed in battle. On that same night, Jean encounters a homeless man named "Destiny", whose predictions about him finding the woman of his life won't be too far from reality. Jean soon starts a liaison with Malou, a young woman married to a rich man. The next hours of his and Malou's lives are underscored by extreme, dramatic events; however, as the clochard  predicted, they find their way out of struggle and are able to move on, leaving behind wartime and its dangers.
11685571	The film is based rather loosely on the play, adds an entire backstory before O'Neill's actual play begins, and includes several new characters that do not appear in it . Some people consider the movie to be just a vehicle for showing off Robeson's musical talent . However, the film does provide what may be Robeson's greatest dramatic performance in a movie, considered by many to be worthy of an Oscar nomination that it did not receive. In the film version, the opening shots are of an African ritual dance. Some critics are quick to assess the opening as representative of the "primitive" black world to which Brutus Jones will eventually revert. However, more scholarly-based reviews of the film understand the complexities of the allusion to and comparison between the roots of the African American church and the rhythmic chanting often seen in African religious practices. A quick dissolve takes us into a Baptist church in the American South, where the dancing of the congregation presents an image that argues for a continuity between the "savage" Africans and the ring-shout Baptists. Such suggestive editing may be the kind of element that causes viewers to suspect the film of racism. Similarly, the film makes copious use of the word "nigger", as did O'Neill's original play. African Americans criticized O'Neill's language at the time, so its preservation and expansion in the film present another cause for critique. Given Robeson's subsequent career as a Civil Rights activist, the spectacle of his character using the term so frequently in regard to other blacks seems shocking today. As for the plot, Brutus Jones has just been hired as a Pullman Porter, a job that served the upward mobility of thousands of African American men in the first half of the twentieth-century. Jones proudly shows off his uniform to his girlfriend Dolly , setting up the contrast with the later scenes in which "the Emperor Jones" parades around in overdone military garb. But Jones is quickly corrupted by the lures of the big city, taking up with fast women and gamblers. One boisterous crap game leads to a fight in which he inadvertently stabs Jeff, the man who had introduced him to the fast-life and from whom he had stolen the affections of the beautiful Undine . A stint on the chain gang allows the film its first opportunity to show Robeson without his shirt on, an exposure of male nudity unusual for 1933 and certainly for a black actor. Here and later the director plays on Robeson's sexual power and, implicitly, on cultural stereotypes about the libidinal power of black men. Jones escapes the convict's life after striking a white guard who was torturing and beating another prisoner. Making his way home, he briefly receives the assistance of his wife before taking a job stoking coal on a steamer headed for the Caribbean. One day, he catches sight of a remote island and jumps ship, swimming to the island. The island is under the crude rule of a top-hatted black despot who receives merchandise from Smithers, the dilapidated white colonial merchant who is the sole Caucasian on the island. Jones rises to become Smithers' partner and eventually "Emperor". He dethrones his predecessor with a trick that allows him to survive what appears to be a fusillade of bullets, creating the myth that he can only be slain by a silver one. Jones's rule of the island involves increasing taxes on the poor natives and pocketing the proceeds. The highlight is a twenty-five minute spoken monologue taken directly from O'Neill's play, in which Brutus Jones , hunted by natives in revolt, flees through the jungle and slowly disintegrates psychologically, becoming a shrieking hysteric who runs right into the path of his pursuers.
4039635	A group of journalists are investigating a highly secret document when they uncover a sensational story: that even before the Second World War, in 1938, the first rocket was made in the USSR and Soviet scientists were planning to send an orbiter to the moon and back. The evidence is convincing; it is clear that in this case, Soviet cosmonauts were first. The movie follows the selection and training of a small group of cosmonauts. The one who shines above the others  is Captain Ivan Sergeyevich Kharlamov . He is helped into a space suit and loaded into the capsule, and the rocket lifts off for the Moon—but contact with it is soon lost. Most of the remainder of the film seems to follow the search for information about what happened next, as the 1930s space program appears to have dissolved immediately after, with no reason given . It is implied that Kharlamov returned to Earth, but with no fanfare and apparently no assistance from the space program. A number of men are shown as suspected of being Kharlamov—the NKVD seems to be conducting a criminal investigation of the program and it is implied that those involved, including Kharlamov himself, are in hiding. It seems that the capsule returned to Earth and landed in Chile, and that Kharlamov journeyed to the Soviet Far East by way of Polynesia and China, yet feared capture on his return. His wife apparently covered for him when interrogated as to his whereabouts. The narrator never ties the story together coherently, however; the interviews and footage are shown without supporting commentary, in a narration style reminiscent of an actual documentary of the Soviet lunar program, The Red Stuff.http://movies.nytimes.com/movie/282742/The-Red-Stuff-The-True-Story-of-the-Russian-Race-for-Space/overview The very end of the movie shows the only footage of the mission itself after launch, explaining it as a film which was found at the Chilean landing site and is currently in the possession of "the Natural museum in the town of Antafagasta". First there is a brief clip showing Kharlamov piloting the vehicle, presumably on final approach to the Moon. Following that is an equally brief panorama of a lunar landscape with the capsule or lander  resting on the surface, apparently taken by Kharlamov during lunar EVA. Both scenes are shown as stills on the movie's cover. Then there is a short clip of the other cosmonauts walking through a hangar with the 1930s space program director, and the credits roll.
17371197	During a routine walk home, advertising executive Murray  runs into Carter , a would-be mugger. After a struggle, Murray strikes Carter in the face with his briefcase and proceeds to walk away. Murray notices that the mugger is part of a small gang, which begins to chase him. Fearing for his life, he climbs a tree to evade capture, but finds himself unable to leave when the gang decides to wait for him to come down. Attempts to call for help are useless, as Murray had been forced to give up his possessions to his attackers. As the night rolls in, the gang slowly becomes desperate and tries to force Murray out of the tree, but find themselves accidentally providing him with weapons and hostages. The night continues and through several events, the two sides learn the importance of human life and begin to change.
1282593	It is spring. Randy Dean is a high school senior with poor grades, only one school friend , secret cigarette and marijuana habits and a cashier’s job at a gas station with Regina. She is pursuing a dead-end relationship with Wendy, a married woman who drops by the gas station when it pleases her. This often entails a follow-up visit from her jealous husband, Ali, who roughs Randy up and orders her to stay away from Wendy. One day Evie Roy stops in a pristine Range Rover, unsure if her tires need air. Randy recognizes her from school and talks to her for the first time. Evie is an only child living with her well-off, cultured mother, Evelyn, who has a difficult relationship with her  husband. Randy and Evie start passing notes in school and hanging out with each other, although Evie does not reveal this to her cliquish friends. They hang out in meadows, trading music  and talking. At the gas station, Randy rejects an angry Wendy, claiming she has a new girlfriend, Evie. Evie breaks up with her boyfriend after he complains of her distant attitude towards him. Later, apparently on a spur of the moment, she lends Randy a copy of Walt Whitman’s Leaves of Grass, which Randy starts to devour. Inviting Evie to her family’s small house for dinner, Randy reveals to her that she has lived with her lesbian aunt Rebecca and Rebecca's lover Vicky since Randy's mother abandoned her to devote all her time to an Operation Rescue-like group. On the front steps of Rebecca's house, they kiss for the first time. Evie records it in her diary later, apparently wondering what it all means. Randy and Evie experiment with how “out” they can be as lesbians, nervously holding hands at a local diner. Remembering Randy’s warning of how intolerant the town can be, Evie nevertheless breaks the news to her three closest friends. One girl is supportive , but the other two are hostile to the idea: one of them says, “God, Evie, if you were gonna turn gay you think you could at least choose someone who’s pretty.” Randy’s grades continue to plummet and the school warns her she will not graduate; Randy hides this information from Rebecca. When Evie’s mother leaves on a business trip, the girls take the opportunity to cook a huge meal, indulging in wine and marijuana. That night, they make love, then fall asleep in Evie’s mother’s bed. The next morning, Evelyn returns prematurely. The kitchen is a mess and used wine glasses are scattered about. Furiously searching the upstairs, she discovers the girls but does not recognize Randy as a girl until she runs past her on her way out. Meanwhile, Rebecca has learned that Randy will not be graduating high school, and she, Vicky and her ex-girlfriend Lena go to Frank’s house, where Randy had told them she would be staying the night. Rebecca threatens Frank until, panicked, he turns over Evie’s phone number. Rebecca calls, but Evie and Randy have already absconded and she is left talking to a furious Evelyn. Evie and Randy, crying, scared and accusatory, take refuge in a motel. Randy finally calls Wendy, who comes out, pays for the room and tries to comfort the girls. Ali sees her car in the parking lot, however, and comes bursting in, eventually attracting Evelyn, Rebecca, Vicky, Lena, Frank, and Evie’s three friends, who were driving past reading aloud from Rita Mae Brown’s Rubyfruit Jungle . The movie ends with Randy and Evie kissing and hugging in the open motel room doorway while everyone else argues in the background at top volume. Asked if she was aware how close the final shot was to a classic Hollywood romantic comedy, Maggenti said, {{cquote}}
7504323	"Uncle Max"  draws Betty and Pudgy out of the inkwell. Pudgy is tired and unwilling to perform on Betty's command. Betty uses pen and ink to draw a machine that give Pudgy more pep. Unfortunately, the machine soon runs amok, speeding up not only Pudgy and Betty, but the entire city as well.
7675415	Pierre suffers from amnesia after a war-time accident in which he might have killed a young Vietnamese girl while crash-landing his stricken plane. His nurse-girlfriend Madeleine lives with him on a low-key but potentially romantic basis. Pierre then sees Cybèle, a young girl in distress as she is being dropped off at an orphanage by an obviously unloving father. Eventually, he pretends to be the girl's father, which allows her to get away from the locked orphanage, and he spends time with her every Sunday, for months. Both are lonely, childlike, and in need of a supportive friend. Pierre tries to keep his relationship with Cybèle a secret, but Madeleine eventually finds out. When she tells Bernard, a doctor who has a romantic interest in her, about the ongoing relationship between Pierre and Cybèle, he believes the girl to be in danger. He notifies the police of the situation, who also misread the intentions of the young man. Pierre has nothing to give Cybèle for Christmas, so he takes up her earlier joking challenge to bring her the metal rooster on top of a Gothic church near the orphanage. Being a former pilot, he musters the nerve to climb the 300 foot steeple, and uses his knife as a tool to unscrew and bring down the rooster. He approaches the girl, carrying the metal rooster and his knife. However, at this point, the police arrive and shoot him dead to "protect" the child, whom they think is in danger. Cybèle, who had fallen asleep waiting to meet Pierre for their Christmas together in the snow covered park's gazebo, is devastated by witnessing the pointless killing of her friend.
3109393	A roving band of Japanese karate fighters led by a masked, long-haired warrior  enter a remote village in China hoping to get their hands on the local supply of "Dragon Herb." There they come into conflict with a group of Chinese kung fu fighters seeking to defend the herb. Tensions escalate, and the Chinese are defeated in several fights with the clearly superior Japanese force. Luckily, help arrives in the form of an outlaw kung fu expert , who faces off against the Japanese leader in a climactic fight on the beach.
7580720	Karthikeyan  is a photographer-cum-editor working in Indian Express. Chitra  is a bank employee. Both reside in Navi Mumbai. Karthik meets Chitra while opening a bank account. While returning home, Karthik again meets her in a train. He offers his seat but Chitra does not want to accept it. During a train strike he invites her to travel in an auto to reduce expenses, but she declines. When Chitra hesitated to travel in the same train with Karthik, he became angry and explained that he talked to her because both are from same area and he says he will never talk to her anymore. After some days Chitra volunteerily talks to him. Karthik, in return, accompanies her to a police station to get back her snatched handbag. Karthik invites Chitra to his home to meet his parents. Karthik's parents like Chitra and all become friends. Karthik's mother requests Chitra to tell Karthik to get married. When she conveys his parent's wish, Karthik explains about his wife  who died in a train accident. Karthik learns that Chitra's husband Srikanth  who died in the same train accident. Chitra adopted a boy, Shiva, per her husband's wish. Karthik's parents want them to get married. Shiva moves close to Karthik and his family, while Chitra tries to prevent relations with Karthik. Karthik's father  understands Karthik's interest towards Chitra. He asks her to marry Karthik. She refuses and, once for all, avoids Karthik. Karthik understood her intention and stayed away from her. Chitra meanwhile gets confused regarding second marriage due to the trouble given by her neighbour's husband and Shiva's passion for Karthik. Chitra's neighbour once attempts to rape her; she manages to escape. Karthik who heard about it attacks the man for misbehaving and makes him vacate Mumbai. Chitra decides to marry Karthik for herself and her son. She plans to meet him at the station to express her decision. While returning home she meets her mother-in-law  who at one time opposed the marriage of her son Srikanth with her. Chitra's mother-in-law requests her to come and live with her as she is very alone after her husband's death. Chitra leaves with her mother-in-law. She has not dared to meet Karthik and she leaves without informing him. Karthik and his family are very much disappointed by this. After some months Chitra panics on seeing a news about a bomb blast at Mumbai Indian Express and verifies Karthik's safety. Karthik leaves for Coonoor on an official assignment. There he meets Chitra with her mother-in-law. Chitra introduces him to her and tells about Karthik's wife's death in the same train accident where her son died. On hearing this, Chitra's mother-in-law invites Karthik to have lunch with them the next day. This delights Shiva. Shiva eagerly waits for Karthik and leaves school well before but is stuck in traffic jam for a long time. Meanwhile Chitra explains about her decision to marry him and later changed it as her mother-in-law requested her to live with her. Karthik leaves without meeting Shiva to catch the train. This disappoints Shiva. When Chitra tried to console him, he blames her that she did not keep up the promise that he, Chitra, Karthik and his parents to live together. Chitra's mother-in-law hears this, understood the meaning of it and she realised the mistake she made. She catches Karthik at the station and requests him to marry Chitra. Karthik and Chitra leave for Mumbai and get married which delights Karthik's parents.
457561	Joan is brought to trial. Her judges try to make her say something that will discredit her claim or shake her belief that she has been given a mission by God to drive the English from France, but she remains steadfast. One or two of them, believing that she is indeed a saint, support her. The authorities then resort to deception. A priest reads to the illiterate prisoner a false letter supposedly from her king, telling her to trust in the bearer. When that too fails, Joan is taken to view the torture chamber, but the sight, though it causes her to faint, does not intimidate her. When she is threatened with burning at the stake, she finally breaks and allows a priest to guide her hand in signing a confession. However, she soon recants and is publicly executed.Dreyer, Carl Theodor. Four Screenplays. Bloomington & London: Indiana University Press. 1970. ISBN 253-12740-8. pp. 27-76.
32137084	The film CHAMPION is a tale about a man who has a quest, a dream to be the best of the best. The film centres around four main characters, namely Rajveer Singh , a simpleton from a village in Punjab, whose sole dream in life is to become a super-cop and wipe off all crime. After, training, he gets his first posting at Mumbai for a special assignment. Bubbling with enthusiasm, an arrival, he is shocked to find that his job is to protect a nine year old boy, Abbas Khan . A bodyguard, after all the rigorous training to eliminate hardcore criminals! Abbas is the sole heir to millions of riches left to him by his parents, who have expired in a drastic plane crash. The only threat to Abbas's life is Nazir , who has a personal vendetta because of which he venomously stalks the innocent child. Abbas's only guardian is Sapna , who is close to Abbas and his family. Sapna, a vivacious lady and a successful model, is the only source of love, affection and fun in Abbas's life. Rajveer and Abbas hate each other from the world go. Rajveer dislikes this naughty spoilt rich brat for being the cause of his shattered dream of becoming a super-cop whereas Abbas hates Rajveer for curtailing his freedom to do things as he pleases. Abbas then calls upon his messiah, Sapna, to take care of this dictator in his life and together they play pranks on Rajveer to get rid of him. From here starts a very interesting love-hate relationship filled with fun and laughter, only to culminate into Rajveer and Sapna falling in love and Abbas and Rajveer developing a relationship of understanding by the end of the day where Rajveer is ready to risk everything to protect Abbas from Nazir, the only danger in Abbas's life. But this time Nazir has made several chilling attempts to eliminate Abbas. Now the only way to get Abbas out of danger is for Rajveer to nab Nazir and he does not just that, with a powerful climax to this saga. Rajveer kills Nazir in a thrilling climax, rescuing Abbas.
4072739	Katherine Sullivan, a severe agoraphobic, witnesses the murder of her husband and speaks with the investigating detective. Then both the body and the detective disappear. Katherine hires private investigator Jack Mize to figure out, only Mize isn't so sure Katherine's version of reality is the truth.
8034072	Vaibhavari Sahay, affectionately called Badki , and Shubhavari Sahay, affectionately called Chutki  are the daughters of Shivshankar Sahay  and Sabitri . They live together on the banks of the Ganges in Banaras. Life is full of happiness and joy for the two, though the family is relatively poor. Badki especially is protective of her family and is determined to ensure Chutki completes her education. As things go from bad to worse, Badki goes to Mumbai to find work. After encountering many obstacles and feeling desperate and out of options, she is forced to become the exclusive call girl "Natasha". Misleading her family &mdash; telling them she is an event planner &mdash; and sending them money for her father's medicines and to keep the family home from being foreclosed on, Badki hides her secret. Chutki completes her MBA and, unannounced, comes to live with Badki in Mumbai. The younger sister becomes a trainee at the Matrix Advertising agency, and Chutki falls in love with her boss, creative director Vivaan . Badki finds love in attorney Rohan  but leaves him, afraid that he would be disgusted by her profession. Chutki inadvertently discovers what Badki does for a living. The two sisters return to Banaras for Chutki's wedding; Badki comes face to face with Rohan, as he is revealed to be Vivaan's brother. Old feelings resurface between the two and eventually Rohan asks Badki to marry him. Badki refuses, feeling that Rohan would never accept her after knowing her profession. Chutki convinces Badki to think about her happiness for once and accept his proposal. During the conversation Shivshankar, Sabitri and Chutki finally face the lies and secrets realising what Badki sacrificed for the family. Badki reveals her profession to Rohan who shocks her by announcing that he knew, from the moment he saw her with her client in Zurich, that she was a call girl. Despite that he still wants to marry her. Badki readily accepts, finally gaining the happiness she has sought.
3470969	It is New Year's Day of 2006, more than a year after the events of Night Watch. Anton Gorodetsky, the protagonist of the first film, finds himself in the middle of an approaching conflict between the Light and Dark Others, who are still bound with an uneasy truce. Anton is still a Night Watch operative, now working with his trainee and romantic interest, Svetlana. As his son Yegor has now become a Dark Other, Anton is forced to secretly destroy evidence of Yegor's attacks on normal people, which violates the treaty, leaving the Night Watch unable to sentence Yegor. To redeem for his previous mistake, an attempt to use a witch's service to kill the unborn Yegor , Anton seeks the legendary Chalk of Fate, a magical chalk that could rewrite history, which was once Tamerlane's property and one of the main reasons for his numerous military successes. Meanwhile, Zavulon, the leader of the Dark Others and their Day Watch, is waiting for Yegor's birthday. At the birthday, Yegor would become a Great Other and acquire the power that would allow the Dark Others to break the treaty . Zavulon's gratitude to Anton for covering Yegor's violations of the treaty doesn't stop him and the Day Watch from attempting to frame Anton for murder and bring him in front of the Inquisition. They succeed, despite the efforts made by Geser, the head of the Night Watch, to protect Anton from the Dark Others by putting him in Olga's body. While in her body, Svetlana confesses that she loves Anton to the person she thinks is Olga, which pushes their relationship forward. This happens despite Svetlana's initial anger at Anton for not telling her that he was in Olga's body. Anton obtains the Chalk of Fate from its hiding place in a Central Asian cafe in Moscow and uses it to summon Yegor. They initially get on well, but Yegor is resentful when Anton refuses his request to patch things up with Yegor's mother. Anton puts his large coat on Yegor, who seems to be cold, and leaves to order food. At this time, Svetlana rings Anton's mobile, which he left in the pocket of the coat, and Yegor, angry at her intrusion into his relationship with his absentee father, yells at her, "He has a family. Don't call again." He smashes the phone and leaves with the chalk, which he takes to Zavulon. Zavulon cannot use or even touch the Chalk, because doing so would be a direct violation of the treaty, so he has Yegor give it to his minion/lover Alisia to do with as she wishes, although it is implied that Zavulon knows what she will do with it. Yegor's birthday party begins soon after that; the guests are Dark Others , although Anton makes his way to the party as Yegor's father to expose the real perpetrator of the murder he has been charged with - his vampire neighbor, Kostya's father. He is unable, however, to avert a disaster: as Svetlana rushes to the party to find Anton, Yegor confronts her. She tries to avoid a conflict but Yegor repeatedly challenges her and expresses resentment at her relationship with his father; Svetlana accidentally strikes Yegor and spills a drop of his blood, which Zavulon interprets as a violation of the Treaty and thus uses as a pretense to declare all-out war on the Light Others. Yegor, now a Great Other, unleashes an apocalypse upon Moscow, killing most of the guests and blinding Svetlana. The city is nearly destroyed, starting with the Ostankino Tower; a fierce battle between the Light and Dark Others follows, with few survivors on either side. In the midst of the chaos, Anton, who survives, finds Alisia who is trying to revive her dead lover, Kostya, but without success. She cannot revive him because her actions did not cause his death. The scene implies the user of the Chalk can only change decisions that he or she made, not anyone else's. Anton convinces Alisia to give him the Chalk so that he can prevent the destruction of Moscow and the deaths of scores of Others, but is almost immediately caught by a panicked Svetlana and an enraged Yegor. The two Great Others fight for Anton, but nearly kill him in the process. Saved at the last minute by Geser, Anton runs through the ruins of Moscow to the house where he, fourteen years ago, made his visit to the witch &mdash; the visit that caused the entire sequence of events, starting Anton's own initiation into the Night Watch. Anton writes NO  on a wall in this house. Moscow reverts to its normal, undemolished state and the film returns to 1992 and the first scene of Night Watch. In the epilogue, as a result of the Chalk's influence, Anton rethinks his deal with the witch, and therefore never inadvertently agrees to harm his wife's unborn child, who would have been Yegor. He walks out of the house and into the street, where he meets Svetlana. Zavulon and Geser watch them from a park bench, eager to see if Anton will recognize Svetlana, despite now having never met her because of the rewriting of history. Geser's prediction turns out to be accurate; despite not knowing how or why, Anton recognizes Svetlana and they walk off together, implicitly striking up a less harried relationship than the one they have/had in the first film.
4016437	In 1947, the movie's narrator, Stingo , relocates to Brooklyn in order to write a novel and is befriended by Sophie Zawistowski , a Polish immigrant, and her lover, Nathan Landau . One evening, Stingo learns from Sophie that she was married but her husband and her father were killed in a German work camp and that she was interned in the Auschwitz concentration camp. Nathan is constantly jealous, and when he is in one of his violent mood swings he convinces himself that Sophie is unfaithful to him and abuses and harasses her. There is a flashback showing Nathan rescuing Sophie from near death from anemia shortly after her immigration to the U.S. Sophie  eventually reveals that her father was a Nazi sympathizer. Sophie had a lover, Józef , who lived with his half-sister, Wanda , a leader in the Resistance. Wanda tried to convince Sophie to translate some stolen Gestapo documents, but Sophie declined, fearing she might endanger her children. Two weeks later Józef was murdered by the Gestapo, and Sophie was arrested and sent to Auschwitz with her children. Nathan tells Sophie and Stingo that the research he is doing at a pharmaceutical company is so groundbreaking that he will win the Nobel Prize. At a meeting with Nathan's physician brother, Stingo learns that Nathan is mentally ill  and that all of the schools that Nathan had attended were "expensive funny farms."  After Nathan discharges a firearm over the telephone in a violent rage, Sophie and Stingo flee to a hotel. She reveals to him the tragic choice she was forced to make at Auschwitz. Upon arrival, she was forced to choose which one of her two children would be gassed and which would proceed to the labor camp. To avoid having both children killed, she chose her son, Jan , to be sent to the children's camp, and her daughter, Eva , to be sent to her death in Crematorium Two. Sophie and Stingo make love, but while Stingo is sleeping, Sophie, tormented by her memory, returns to Nathan. Sophie and Nathan commit suicide by taking cyanide. Stingo recites the poem "Ample Make This Bed" by Emily Dickinson—the American poet Sophie was fond of reading. Stingo moves away from Brooklyn to a small farm his father recently inherited in southern Virginia to finish writing his novel.
17060199	Claire, a mild-mannered parking attendant, lives in a small flat with her mother who is recovering from a recent stroke. In the opening sequence she patrols the Los Angeles streets and stumbles into an old flame, who introduces Claire to his wife and ill-behaved daughter. Reeling from the chance encounter, she steps out onto the street and is hit by a passing vehicle. Returning to work, Claire attracts the attention of another parking attendant, an extremely blunt and aggressive man named Jay whose home life consists mainly of entertaining himself using the services of a webcam porn site and phone service. Claire witnesses him fighting with her best friend, a neighbor working for a delivery service who parks on the curb to unload her consignment, but does not bring it up with either party. She develops a crush on Jay, but in each conversation Jay takes issue with some entirely innocuous comment Claire has made and storms off in disgust. Nonetheless, he keeps coming back for more. One night as Claire prepares to join him at the office party, she finds her mother slumped over—dead—in a bowl of mashed potato. In shock, she simply picks up her coat and leaves for the party. She sits alone, watching Jay dance with another woman, until finally Jay asks in brutal terms what is the matter. She takes him home to show him the problem. Claire decides that rather than call an ambulance she prefers to have the situation dealt with by family. She calls her mother's vain and self-obsessed sister, who lives in a different part of the city. Her aunt says it is too far to come at that hour of the night, but if she wants to, Claire can come pick up a necklace belonging to her mother. Jay insists on staying the night to "take care" of Claire, promising to sleep on the couch. But he goes to Claire's narrow bed and starts to remove her clothes. After a few seconds of brutal thrusting, during which he talks to her as if she were the phone sex service he uses so frequently, he rolls over and falls asleep. From that point on, Jay and Claire maintain a tenuous sort of relationship, hung mainly on Claire's optimism and Jay's desire for sex and attention. At work, Jay is suspended for his aggressive behavior with parking offenders, which has earned him an impressive complaints record. He watches a crafts documentary on carpentry and decides to make a love seat. Jay offers to drive Claire to her aunt's house to pick up her mother's necklace, lying to her over his disciplining at work. He drives her to the other side of the city, with her seated on the makeshift love seat in his parking attendant's vehicle. Her aunt insists that they all go out drinking; Jay and Claire end up in a hotel room. Jay gives Claire a tiny, pink PVC bikini and tells her she should lose weight, which Claire takes in stride, as she has previously with his other insinuations and outright insults. During her next shift, Claire is informed that she is being promoted for her exemplary behavior. To celebrate she goes to Jay's apartment but swiftly realizes that he was visited by a prostitute immediately before her arrival. She leaves in disgust. Jay goes to her apartment to apologize. Dressed in a more fashionable and confident style, she is outspokenly skeptical about his behavior, but submits when he pulls her to the floor for another round of uncomfortable sex. When it is over, Jay expresses that he has burgeoning feelings of commitment to Claire, but she asks him to leave. In the end, Claire once again walks her beat alone. Another vehicle nearly catches her at the site of her prior accident, but this time she escapes unscathed, and smiles in relief.
7481126	The film centres on a group of classmates who attendeded the same Chemistry class in their final year of college. Among them, Murali ([[Narain  is a singer and P. Sukumaran  is a firebrand leader of the left-winged students union. Sukumaran's rival, Satheesan , leads the opposite faction of student politics and is aided by his sidekick, Vasu . Pius , a rich and spoiled brat of parents settled in the Gulf, is the campus Romeo and Sukumaran's best friend. Thara Kurup  is the daughter of the Member of the state Legislative Assembly  from Muvattupuzha; she is a danseuse who regularly wins awards for the college with her performances. It was Murali's dream to have a ten-year reunion, but he mysteriously dies before the reunion can be organised. His parents, Professor Iyer  and Lakshmi Teacher , both teachers at the college, decide to fulfill their departed son's dream and bring his classmates together for a reunion. Sukumaran is now a diamond dealer based in Mumbai and is a divorcee. Satheesan is now an MLA, following his dreams to become a political leader, while Vasu continues to be his sidekick. Pius is now settled in the Middle East, while Thara, still unmarried, runs a dancing school. The coming together of these classmates is the occasion for them to relive the past and to discover how Murali died. When all are together, .Raziaarrives.Sukumaran committs a suicide attempt but it is later discovers that it was not a suicide attempt but a murder attempt. The suspense is revealed one by one.
9031450	A young woman named Hyun-chae is on train looking through an art book. As she turns the pages, she discovers a written message underneath a picture of bears playing together in the springtime. She reads: I like you so much. Like a bear in springtime, I know your secrets ... you're like a lovely bear. This is just the beginning of my love for you. Next book is Gustave Caillebette 'Young Man at His Window. Hyun-chae is an unlucky girl who has trouble finding love. Born with bad manners, she is unable to keep a guy for very long. Throughout her life, she has been unsuccessful with love, but goes on through life with her bad manners and pure honesty. Her father, an alcoholic, a heavysmoker, and a writer, often counts on Hyun-chae to bring him art books from the library, saying that they help him think better. Hyun-chae, desperate as she is to fall in love, fails to see that her best friend from childhood, Dong-ha came back from the military to be with her. Instead, Chae-hyun becomes obsessed with the man that has written the love notes inside the art books, believing that they are meant for her. With this thought in mind, she seeks out the writer with a determined state of mind, believing that every man she meets could possibly be this mere stranger. But are those library love notes really meant for her?
1520023	Ninja Resurrection takes place in the Tokugawa era, at a time when Christians in Japan were being persecuted. The leader of the Shimabara Rebellion, Amakusa Shirō, hoped to resist the government forces attacking Christians like him but is assassinated. Soon after, Amakusa's restless spirit returns to avenge his fallen comrades and is up to Yagyū Jūbei Mitsuyoshi to put a stop to the demonic onslaught.  Jubei's Revenge begins a narration of the timepiece explaining the era, the war between toyotomi and tokugawa, the events that led up to the Shimabara rebellion, and a dark satanic prophecy about Shiro. Along with the narration there are Japanese paintings of these events. The first OVA called "The Cant Of Hell" shows a small band of soldiers raiding a village outside of Harano Castle, and smashing a statue of Madonna. All the villagers hide except for a little boy who they shoot. After the soldiers leave to report the Christian rebels to the shogun, a small girl named 'Ocho' runs to the boy's body and begs him to wake up. The boy, who is Shiro, miraculously revives and shows the approaching villagers that the bullet hit a crucifix he had. Sunlight shines through the clouds onto shiro and he raises the crucifix and a long beam of light shoots from it up into the sky. The villagers bowdown and worship Shiro and declare him to be 'Tenshi', the son of jehovah and the returned messiah and their saviour. The Madonna statue reforms. An evil-looking man in the bushes watches the events as they unfold and smiles. 55 years later, an army of government soldiers attack Harano castle in a fog but are killed by an onslaught of arrows. Inside the castle, the evil-looking man, who is revealed to be 'Soy Kanmoiri', gives a speech declaring their victory against the heretics. The Christians boisterously support him and declare that as long as they have Lord Shiro they will kill the Tokugawa and make all the lands Christian. After the speech, Lord Shiro speaks privately to Soy, informing him that the food supply exhausted two days ago and they were fighting on mere willpower. He opts to use the recent advantage to surrender himself in exchange for the lives of his people, but Soy says no and that he must have faith and that if they lose faith now then all they believed in would be a lie. Shiro tells Soy they can't win the war and everyone will die. Elsewhere, General Nobutsuna Matsudaira speaks with his commanders about the recent defeat. He is told that more than 500 were killed. Nobutsuna recognizes that the Christians are using black magic. Jubei arrives and tells Nobutsuna that the army will not breech the wall and he has a plan. Jubei then swiftly leaves. 5 months earlier the shogun had sent an army of 100,000 men to defeat the Christians, whom had attacked and seized Harano castle. The shogun, outraged that his army was defeated by peasants and farmers, sent Nobutsuna Matsudaira to destroy the Christians by any means. Nobutsuna orders all his men to attack the castle anyway. Miyamoto Musashi observes the army moving-out, from a faraway cliff. He declares that the army will not be able to penetrate and the men are being sacrificed uselessly. He then runs to join the army but sees a massive kite in the sky and comments on the ingenuity of this new approach. The extremely huge kite, tethered to someplace, floats high in the clouds above Harano castle. Jubei and four other ninjas are standing on a narrow platform on the kite. They leap from the platform through a lightningstorm and float down to the castle using capes. Using the aerial assault, Jubei and his four ninjas enter the castle and begin easily slicing the Christians in half. One ninja in particular who has a penchant for explosives detonates a wave of explosions throughout the castle. There is intense fighting with lots of blood. Nobutsuna's army uses a battering-ram to enter the castle, and the soldiers battle their enemies. Shiro gathers the women, kids, and old people into a part of the castle that the soldiers can't enter because it is protected by a seal. He promises to protect them with the power of god. However, the four ninjas know about this seal and the four barriers that are maintaining the seal. Each one destroys a barrier. Shiro is alerted to the destruction of the seal. Shiro senses Jubei and refers to him as a "mighty power that will kill us". Jubei slices a bunch of men and then comes across two kids whom he wall-runs past. The kids tell Soy, who smiles and slashes them. Jubei meets Shiro on a roof and Shiro bargains with him to spare the lives of the women and children if he commits seppuku. Shiro takes a tanto to kill himself but is stopped by Soy who shows him the decapitated heads of the two kids and tells him not to trust Jubei. Shiro goes ballistic and uses his magic to summon a lot of power into himself. He then uses the power of psychokinesis to destroy the roof and fire the tanto and shingles at Jubei. Shiro then summons a black dragon with which he attacks Jubei. Miyamoto, who has entered the castle, is easily slicing through Christian soldiers as he watches the events. Jubei tries to slice the dragon in half but it proves useless. He then flees but the dragon catches up to him. He holds on to the snout of the dragon as it flies through buildings and into the sky. Shiro emerges from the top of the dragon's head and begins strangling Jubei. Two of the ninjas try to assist Jubei by firing harpoons at the dragon but it breaks free. The biggest and strongest of the ninjas tells those two to stay put. He and the ninja who likes explosives perform a tactical attack. The ninja who likes explosives, opens up a bazooka and fires it at the dragon but it has little effect. The tall ninja, who attacks from a different angle, extends a folding metal suit of armour over his body, originating from two small shoulder pads. The armor gives him rocket propulsion and he flies into the dragon, causing massive damage. Jubei cuts off Shiro's hands and falls to earth. The dragon's head is still alive and sneaks up behind jubei. Jubei holds up the children's heads and hesitates Shiro mid-attack. He then throws his sword at Shiro, spearing him in the chest. The impact rips Shiro from the dragon's head and flings him into a window of the main chapel. The tall ninja lands and his armour folds back up into his shoulder pads.  The second OVA is called "Hell's Spawn". It begins by showing a younger Jubei kill five samurai with ease. Jubei's father, Munenori Yagyu, scolds him for his constant murders but Jubei makes excuses. Munenori challenges Jubei to a duel; warning him that he will not hesitate just because Jubei is his son. Jubei attacks but restrains himself and only slashes Munenori's shirt. Munenori jumps into the air and tosses a kunai into Jubei's eye. As Jubei stays bleeding, his father states that he knew Jubei would not attack him and used this knowledge against Jubei. Munenori tells Jubei that he must never lose and should exploit every weakness of his opponent and that he can't rely on strength alone. Jubei tells his father that he doesn't need his father's platitudes and that he is stronger than his father ever would be. Munenori banishes Jubei from his house and lands. There is a historical narration about the strongest swordsmen of the time and how swordmanship became a science and evolved. The samurai's discussed are Musashi Miyamoto, Mataemon Araki, Inshun Hosowei, Botaro Tamiya, Munenori Yagyu, and Jubei Yagyu. It states that their battles are legendary but their deaths are shrouded in mystery; for example, Musashi disappeared in foggy mountains and Mataemon was poisoned by an unknown person. Several months after the Shimabara Riot, Jubei is resting under a tree when he starts to have memories of the riot and all the bodies. An old man is riding into the Yagyu lands when he spots a boy and a girl spear-fishing. The girl keeps nagging the boy and he dunks her into the water. The old man rides on towards the Yagyu estate. The girl jumps onto Jubei and pretends to be frighten of a snake. She then confesses how much she likes Jubei. When the old man, whose name is Jushin Sagoguichi, enters the estate he is dismayed that it is in ruin and that some walls are broken down. A servant tells him that lord Jubei allowed it to get that way. Jubei and the two children arrive and it turns out that Jushin is the children's father. Inside the house, Jushin scolds his daughter for not being lady-like and scolds his son, who is his heir, for doing servant's chores. Jubei tries to calm him down with sake. Another young girl, named Ohina, enters the room bringing food. She speaks graciously to Lord Jushin and Jushin compliments her on how beautiful she has become since he last saw her. As Jushin and Jubei eat, Jushin tells them that the shogun, Yorinobu, has requested that all unmarried girls of noble birth between the ages of 15-23 should be brought to Kishu. Jubei finds the mandate strange. Onwei, Jushin's daughter, protests stating she wants to stay with Jubei. Jushin tells Jubei that the shogun is amassing a large army and gathering lots of food and it looks like he is going to increase taxes. He also tells Jubei that many strange men have been coming to the capital. Jushin also tells Jubei that many girls have gone missing. Jubei invites Jushin to watch the girls spar. In the morning, Ohina demonstrates her skills with a naginata by defeating a lot of men in a sparring match. Onwei then challenges Ohina and the two battle to a standstill. Jushin compliments them on their improvement and soon afterwards leaves with them to Kishu. Before Onwei leaves, she reminds Jubei to bathe at least once every three days and to wear clean clothes. As Jubei watches them go, he tells his servant to send a spy to watch the castle in Kishu and that he,Jubei, would be gone for five days. Somenight later, at Shosetsu Yui's residence in Edo, Ohina is attacked and raped by a born-again Inshun Hosowei. As he slowly rapes her, he licks her breasts and plays around with her. After he is finished raping Ohina, he kills her. Mataemon Araki, who is sitting nearby, comments on how Inshun likes doing that. Inshun retorts that Mataemon does the same thing. As Mataemon constantly stabs a kunai into his hand, he says that today he doesn't feel like killing girls but wants to kill rats. The two men are being spied on by a ninja. Mataemon suddenly leaps into the trees and slowly kills the ninja. Two more ninjas attack him. He kills one and chases the other. The ninja flees across rooftops but Mataemon is faster than him. Mataemon calls the ninja a mouse. The ninja calls up other ninjas to assist him. Mataemon tells them his name and how it has been a while since he killed a man. The ninjas believe he is lying about his identity. Mataemon removes the scarf covering the lower half of his face and tells them he is "a born again". The ninja tells him "then you will die again". All the ninjas attack him at once, impaling him on several swords. Mataemon condescends the ninjas' futile attack. He pops the swords out of his body, along with his intestines. He then unsheathes his own sword and uses it along with his dangling intestines to attack and slay the shinobis. Two shinobi escape him. One backs into a dark corner and is quickly sliced to pieces by a resurrected Botaro Tamiya. Botaro tosses a dagger into the other ninja but he replaces himself with a cat. Mataemon yells at Botaro for ruining his fun. At Tajima-no-Kami Yagyu residence, the ninja who survived, whose name is Godaiyu, reports to Munenori Yagyu. He tells him that Lord Yorinobu in Kishu is organizing an army of ronin and that inhuman creatures were appearing. He also tells Munenori that he saw ghosts: Mataemon, Inshun, Botaro. Munenori doesn't believe him and scolds him for drinking. He tells Munenori he wasn't drinking. Munenori says that those men were some of the most skilled killers, and he ponders what Shosetsu is planning. He then begins coughing uncontrollably. Godaiyu says that Jubei would be useful. Munenori yells at him to never mention that name, and Godaiyu apologises. Munenori tells him to continue observing Shosetsu, and Godaiyu slides away into the darkness. Jubei is walking through a fog in the woods when he comes upon a small hut. Inside the hut, Jubei talks to an old man about the prophecy of 'Tenshi'. The old man asks if Jubei really believes in Satan and reminds Jubei that he saw Shiro's staked head. The old man informs Jubei that he has people familiar with underground paths and will be able to use them in case of battle. The old man then tells Jubei that Jubei is too young to quit being a warrior. Jubei tells him he is tired of murdering in the name of duty. The old man asks Jubei how many persons he killed but Jubei tells him that he lost count. The old man says that he should take a break and rest a little. The old man also says that Jubei reminds him of an old friend named Musashi Miyamoto, who strove to excel everyone in swordmanship and now lives as a hermit in the mountains. As the old man talks to Jubei, a little boy leaves Musashi's house thanking him for the lessons. Musashi's house is dug into the side of a mountain. Inside is very spacious with large gigantic statues of numerous warriors. Musashi recollects the Shimabara revolt and watching Jubei fight. He questions if he would be able to defeat Jubei. Musashi then picks up a paintbrush and begins tirelessly drawing a lot of buddhist pictures. Later that night, in Edo, during a full moon; Soiken Mori, Shosetsu Yui, Botaro, Inshun and Mataemon, stand on an altar in a room, surrounding Ocho who is laying down. They all start chanting "Satan". A cloud blankets the moon, causing the room to darken. Suddenly the moon turns red, the wind blows strongly, and electricity starts flashing within the room. Shosetsu asks Soiken what's happening but Soiken tells him to be silent. Ocho starts levitating. Her body starts convulsing wildly as her clothes fall off. Suddenly, she exhales an enormous cloud of smog. The smog shapeshifts into a crucifix, then the virgin Mary, then into the Devil. After maintaining its Devil form for a few moments, the smog then returns to Ocho's body. The men stand silently, staring at Ocho. A big bulbous growth forms in Ocho's throat and crawls under her skin to her belly, where it turns into faces and then stretches and pulls Ocho's skin chaotically as it wriggles about. Suddenly, many long strands of silver hair fire out of Ocho's body and wrap around wooden beams, bars, the ceiling, and even Soiken's and Shosetsu's necks. Shosetsu tries to get it off but Soiken tells him to leave it. As Ocho is suspended upside-down, electrical charges flow through the hair. Soiken calls for Satan to come out and for Shiro Amakusa to come out. Ten fingers push out of Ocho's mouth and wiggle about. Then a long split cuts from inside her body and a naked, silver-haired Shiro pushes his way out. As Shiro forces his way out, he rips Ocho into many pieces. The hair strands that kept Ocho suspended, untangle and retreat to Shiro as he lowers himself to the ground. Shiro shrieks and green energy shoots from his body into the air and descends onto the three resurrecteds: Botaro, Mataemon, Inshun. After charging-up, the four jump through the ceiling. The moon returns to normal. Somewhere else, Jubei is walking through the woods when suddenly there is a strong gust of wind which cuts his cheek, causing him to bleed. Musashi is still drawing, when a sudden breeze blows out the candle. A drop of blood falls on his page. There is a street festival going on that night, with hundreds of people in attendance. Botaro is standing in the crowd. He draws his sword and begins slicing randomly, cutting men, women and kids in half. As people start fleeing, Mataemon races through the crowd, hacking people with his sword. Inshun carries a staff with a boomerang blade on the top. He flings the blade into the air and it cuts through many people before returning to his staff. Some persons try fleeing from the spinning blade but are too slow. Shiro, who can use his hair for attacks, extends his hair to impale and slice-up persons. Dozens of men, women and kids are killed and their bodies and heads staked for display. Soiken laughs and declares that hell is unleashing its force. The show ends with the 4 resurrecteds jumping into the air one by one.
14582951	It is the late 1970s, and smuggler David Swansey  specialises in importing goods to war-torn Southern Rhodesia, defying international sanctions imposed on the doomed nation. Swansey is eventually contracted by the Ian Smith administration to arrange an illicit purchase of American-made Iroquois helicopters for counter-insurgency operations against black African nationalists. However, word of his plan soon reaches the latter, who apply strong political pressure to kill the deal in its cradle - the aircraft shipment in question is impounded upon reaching neighbouring South-West Africa. Meanwhile, one of the many indigenous guerillas resisting the white supremacist policies of the Rhodesian regime is Gideon Marunga , veteran combatant and reluctant participant in atrocities directed against unarmed civilians by his fellow insurgents. Marunga discovers that Swansey, with the aid of the Rhodesian Security Forces and South African sympathizers, hopes to lead an armed raid on the airfield where the Iroquois are being temporarily held - with the intention of stealing them across the border into Rhodesia. On the day of the assault, Marunga arrives at the airfield and stalls the attacking troopers, while his accomplices succeed in destroying some of the helicopters. In the firefight which ensues he comes face to face with Swansey, and the two men subsequently share a weary moment of reflection on their stalemate. Both abruptly part ways; the smuggler permits his enemy to escape unarmed into the night. As word of the foiled transaction spreads, Swansey finds himself unable to continue conducting business on the global scale and is restricted to Rhodesia, where he faces conscription into active duty with the armed forces. The film's storyline closes as Marunga and Swansey confront each other on the battlefield again - this time through the sights of their rifles.
4803289	New Orleans narcotics detective Anthony Stowe  is a heroin addict who is teetering on the edge of oblivion, and he could not care less. At the moment, he is trying to bring down his former partner Gabriel Callahan , who has become a drug kingpin. Callahan is trying to, and slowly succeeding at, taking over the New Orleans underworld. Stowe botches a sting operation against Callahan, resulting in the death of fellow cop Maria Ronson , whose fiancee, fellow cop Van Huffel , nearly comes to blows with him over it. Chief Mac Baylor  has a very blunt chat with Stowe, who is dismissive. Stowe is approached by fellow cop Walter Curry  to help his nephew beat a drug-dealing charge; he instead turns Curry over to Baylor, who fires him. After barricading himself in the station bathroom, Walter confronts an unrepentant Stowe and condemns him for betraying his fellow officers. That night Stowe meets with his estranged wife Valerie , who tells him that she's pregnant, but that he's not the father. Valerie, whose marriage with Stowe is close to collapse, has been seeing a man named Mark Rossini , the gym teacher at the school she is principal of. But he may not be the father either. Stowe brashly accuses Valerie of being impregnated by Callahan, and she tells him she never wants to see him again. The only thing keeping Stowe from total collapse is his dogged pursuit of Callahan. But he drunkenly stumbles into an ambush masterminded by Callahan, and is shot in the head by Callahan's right-hand man Jimmy . Stowe undergoes emergency surgery, and ends up in a coma. Months later, he recovers to the point that he opens his eyes, and is transported to his and Valerie's house to recover properly. Seven months later, Stowe is slowly learning to walk and speak again. He manages to survive an attempt on his life by someone who appears to be a cop. He attempts to get his job back, but Chief Baylor refuses, in light of discovering his heroin addiction. The coma has led to his decision to become a better man, and to right some wrongs. He reconciles with his wife, although awkwardly, and gives Walter a significant portion of insurance money that compensated his time in a coma. Finally, he visits the grave of fellow police officer Serge ([[William Ash , who once saved Stowe's life but has been killed by an unknown attacker following another failed sting operation. Valerie packs up to move out of the house so she can live with Mark, but after realizing the change that Stowe has undergone, she later decides to leave Mark and come home. Stowe is convinced by his friend Chad Mansen  not to let his wife go, and goes after her. They miss each other by a few minutes. Just after Valerie returns and meets Chad, some of Callahan's men show up. Jimmy kills Chad, and kidnaps Valerie. Stowe returns to the house, and finds Chad's body, along with Jimmy waiting for him. Jimmy takes Stowe to a warehouse where Callahan is waiting. Along the way, Stowe manages to overpower Jimmy and take his gun, but he finds that the odds against him are impossible- and Callahan has Valerie hostage. Van Huffel is revealed to be Callahan's mole on the police force, and the sting operation at the beginning of the film was a set-up. Walter suddenly arrives and saves Stowe. Together they kill all of Callahan's men, including Jimmy and Van Huffel, as Callahan tries to escape with Valerie to his helicopter. Just as they are about to reach it, Stowe grabs Callahan, and fires a shot that kills Callahan. Chief Baylor gives Stowe his job back. Three years later, Stowe and Valerie have a 3-year-old daughter, the baby that Valerie was pregnant with.
1788654	Generally, the film is a dark and quirky "tragicomedy" concerning an "everyman" protagonist a fairly pleasant but rather innocuous, ordinary and uneventful life. But all of this gets derailed, and Frank's life descends into an increasingly complex mess, from the minute a beautiful and seductive new patient named Susan Ivey  comes to him, seeking a root canal and a little pain relief... On Susan's initial office visit, Frank schedules her for a root canal the very next day, and offers her some Ibuprofen to address her pain in the meanwhile. Claiming that she is allergic to the offered medication, Susan requests a prescription for the addictive pain-killer Demerol. Frank provides the prescription, but only for five tablets. However, Susan changes the dosage from five tablets to fifty when she collects the medication from her pharmacist. Susan arrives for her appointment twelve hours late, having mistaken the time. She seduces Frank, talking him into getting drunk and having sex with her. During the night, Susan steals all of Frank's narcotics. The next day, there is a DEA  agent at Frank's office demanding to see the dentist's narcotics supply, because an 18 year old has driven a car off a cliff under the influence of cocaine hydrochloride from a bottle registered to the dentist. Knowing that Susan has stolen his entire drug supply, Frank puts the agent off, saying he' dispensed it all to patients. The agent leaves with the promise that if Frank fails to produce the empty containers in two days, the DEA will place him under arrest. That night Frank goes to Susan's hotel room to demand the empty containers, threatening that he'll call the police if she doesn't provide them. Once again, she overrides his initial intentions and seduces him - with the result that they have sex and he spends the night with her. The next day at his office, Frank is confronted by Susan's brother, Duane Ivey  having a violent scene, saying: "Stay the hell away from my sister" and "I don't appreciate your threats". Duane ends the conversation with, "I don't ever want to see you again, because if I do, goddamn it, I'm gonna hurt you." That night, Frank returns to Susan's hotel room and, assuming that Susan is the form he sees the bed, starts talking to her. The person under the blanket turns out to be not Susan but brother Duane, who leaps up and attacks Frank, attempting to strangle him. Frank takes scissors from a nearby desk and stabs Duane in the hand, impaling him and embedding the scissors. Frank flees, stopping off at a bar to calm down. On arriving at home, just minutes ahead of Jean, he finds Duane dead on the floor. Police arrive on the scene to question Frank. Comically adding to Frank's distress and anxiety is actor Lance Phelps , a hack actor doing research for a role, and permitted by the police to question Frank at aggressive levels that cause Frank heightened discomfort. After the police arrive and depart, Frank tells Jean about the whole ordeal. A while later, Frank is arrested for the murder of Duane Ivey based on finding Frank's teeth marks on the body - that Jean put there after she herself killed Duane. After Frank breaks free, all of Chicago is on the look out for him. He goes to his office in the night, only to find his brother Harlan lying dead; Jean has killed Harlan, upon finding him lying on Frank's dentist chair. Realizing he'll never be free without starting over, Frank pulls out all of his dead brother's teeth, as well as all of his own. Frank uses his dental skills to place his own teeth into his dead brother's skull, and then sets fire to the dental office with Harlan's corpse, replete with replaced teeth, left inside. Frank and Susan, now lovers, escape to France, where they live happily ever after in a little cottage on the countryside. Meanwhile, identification of Frank's teeth in the charred corpse's remains in Frank's torched office is taken as proof that Frank is the man who was shot and killed there. And, as the fireproof security camera retrieved from the office ashes contains tape showing Jean shooting and killing a man  reclining in Frank's dental chair, Jean is convicted of Frank's murder and goes to prison.
25388139	Sakthivel Gounder  is one of the most respected, most educated and among the wealthiest men in his district. He is respected by one and all, however his only black mark is his son -Chinnarasu  who is considered a dunce owing to his poor academic history. Chinnarasu once loved and adored - Gowri who was his wife to be- until she attempted suicide to prevent this union . To prevent any misunderstandings- Chinnarasu declared that he was not interested in Gowri and earned his father's wrath. When Nandini  arrives for her brother's wedding to Chinnarasu's sister- she is moved by Chinnarasu's deep love and falls in love with him. Nandini and Chinnarasu marry and enrage both sets of their parents- however with Hard work Chinnarasu gradually becomes one of the biggest businessmen in town and among its wealthiest citizens- making Sakthivel proud of him. When the enemity of Ceheemban  threatens to create a rift, father and son solve it and the family is happily united. *nali V.Shanmugam-work by makeup man *Sarath Kumar- Chinnarasu/Sakthivel Gounder *Devayani- Nandini *Raadhika- Sakthivel Gounder's Wife *Manivannan- Chinnarasus Sidekick *Priya Raman- Gowri *Jai Ganesh *Ajay Ratnam
21735071	Rebecca is an unemployed actress who is living with an equally unsuccessful screenwriter, Sarfras. Rebecca makes a living by caring for a blind and diabetic woman while going through one disastrous relationship to the next. Rebecca is invited to understudy the famous movie star Simone Harwin , in the play Electra. Although Rebecca's unfulfillment is compounded: despite outshining the Action Star with her own talent, Rebecca is treated as second class, either bullied or ignored by the cast and crew including the director Ian, the stage manager Alison. Her salvation lies within the relationship with the seemingly perfect Firefighter Bobby. Accidents start to disrupt the leading ladies of Electra and Rebecca's star begins to rise, suspicion surrounds her. Can Rebecca hold onto the leading role and her freedom?
15912738	In the final 23 days of L's life, he meets one final case involving a bioterrorist group that aims to wipe out much of humanity with a virus. The virus has an infection rate that has one hundred times the infection rate of the Ebola virus. He takes a boy he names Near, the sole survivor of its use in a village in Thailand, and an elementary school student named Maki Nikaido under his wing. Dr. Nikaido later received a sample of the deadly virus which destroyed that village in Thailand. His assistant, Dr. Kimiko Kujo, reveals herself to be the leader of the organization that created the virus. Dr. Nikaido, who has created an antidote to that virus, refuses to give it her. He destroys the antidote and injects himself with the virus. She later kills him, and she is convinced that his daughter Maki has the antidote formula. Under the pursuit of Dr. Kimiko Kujo and her assistants, Maki runs and escapes. She eventually found L's headquarters. However, the group manages to track Maki down, forcing L, accompanied by Maki and Near, to run away with a high-tech crepe truck. They also received the help of FBI agent Hideaki Suruga during the escape. They escape to Nikaido's research partner's lab, because they needed his help to recreate the antidote. Using Near, L manages to acquire the antidote just as the terrorists are about to take an infected Maki to the US to spread the virus. L stops the plane and gives all the infected passengers, including the terrorist, the antidote. Maki then tries to kill Kujo for revenge, but L stops her, she goes to the hospital and wakes up with her stuffed bear next to her and a recording from L telling her to have a good day tomorrow. The film concludes with L leaving Near and giving him Near's "real name".
24589422	In the spring of 1946, Ivan, an American soldier, returns home psychologically scarred after spending some time in Japanese prison camp during World War II. Once back in his small Pennsylvania town, Ivan settles in, trying to put his life back together while living with his stoic peasant father. Shortly after his arrival, Ivan looks for his childhood sweetheart, Maria, a beautiful woman who is taking care of her old deaf grandmother. However, he is disappointed to find Maria in the arms of Al, a captain. Ivan's father thinks that Maria is too good for his son, but perhaps good enough for himself. He pairs his son with Mrs Wynic, a flirty neighbor. Ivan has sex with her, but he is tormented by the traumas of the war. He tells her that it was his dreams about Maria that allowed him to survive the prison camp. Ivan is given a hero's welcoming by his community, formed by immigrants from Yugoslavia. During the celebrations, when Al goes to dance with one of Maria's friends, Ivan grabs the opportunity to get close to her. Together they leave the party in his motorbike and head for their favorite spot of years ago. He gives her a pair of earrings that he planted there for her, before leaving for the war. The next morning Al is furious and breaks his relationship with Maria. Ivan's goal is fulfilled and he marries Maria in an orthodox ceremony, but his dream of a happiness share with Maria is soon broken. Having adored Maria for so long and from afar now that he has her close to him, Ivan is unable to consummate the marriage. Their happiness is shattered. Maria works as a nurse and would like to have children. Deeply in love with Ivan, she has to deal with her increasing sexual frustration. On the advice of Clarence, a drifter singer passing by the town, Ivan reaffirms his sense of manliness with Mrs Wynic. He is not impotent with her. Maria discovers this and a terrible argument occurs between them. The couple are invited by Al to his engagement party to Maria's girlfriend. In the middle of this gathering, Al breaks off the engagement realizing that he is still in love with Maria. Al and Ivan have a confrontation. Ivan offers him to take Maria, but to prove how much he loves her put his hand in a burning stove. Maria very much in love with Ivan tells Al that she does not love him. Maria heals Ivan's hand, but the unhappiness between them increases further. She is pursued by Clarence who tries to seduce her, but she remains faithful to Ivan and resist his advances. One day, unexpectedly, Ivan leaves town on a train without coming back. He moves to a new city, stars to work in a slaughter house and makes new friends. Left on her own devices Maria finally succumbs to Clarence's advances, but immediately after vehemently rejects him. As a result of this encounter she gets pregnant. Maria finds Ivan and tells him of her pregnancy and of the death of her grandmother, but Ivan is cruelly indifferent towards her. While going out with his friends one night, Ivan meets Clarence once again. Clarence does not remember him and tells the story of how he seduced Maria, but later she refused to have anything else to do with him. Furious, Ivan hits Clarence who still does not know what is going on. Still tormented by nightmares of his war experiences, Ivan is visited by his father. He tells him that he is dying and that he must come back to Maria. Ivan returns home, he tells Maria that he loves the baby. Now that the pure image of Maria has been broken, they are able to happily make love for the first time.
4767342	In a remote fishing island in the 50's, Pepito  grows up learning the trade of his mother, Rosa , the only midwife capable of delivering the newborn babies of their community. At first, the young son doesn't mind the unusual arrangement, but as he grows older, he begins to resist the role traditionally meant only for women. In time, Pepito's coming of age intersects with the lives of other islanders whose beliefs and struggles become critical impetus to his maturity. Eventually, embarrassment and prejudices were overcame by acceptance and love between mother and son
28177482	Handcuffed together, George Martin ([[Jack Warner  and Willie Stannard ([[George Cole  are two newly-convicted criminals being transported to prison. Martin is a hardened, cynical career criminal, while Stannard is a naïve, rather dull-witted youth who has never previously been in trouble with the law, maintains his innocence of the rape for which he has been convicted and is terrified by the prospect of prison. During the journey the pair manage to escape. Martin steals an army officer's uniform and passes Stannard off as a deserter in his charge, being returned to face a military tribunal. The escape location has been chosen by Martin for its proximity to a garage run by his mistress Nora Lawrence , who provides the pair with overnight shelter. The following day Martin and Stannard take refuge in a derelict isolated cottage. While trying to file their handcuffs apart they are surprised by a hunting man with a gun. A struggle ensues, during which Martin shoots and kills the man. Shortly thereafter they manage to separate the handcuffs and Martin abandons Stannard, going on the run alone while Stannard gives himself up and is promptly charged with murder. Martin manages to contact his wife in London, asking if she can find a way to get money to him. She arranges to travel by taxi to the woods in which he is hiding. Just as she arrives, the police have tracked Martin down and have him cornered. Rather than give himself up, Martin makes a final doomed attempt to escape through a signed minefield, watched by police, reporters, his wife and mistress and a crowd of sensation-seeking gawkers.
3662683	On the morning after his re-election, US President Joseph Staton  decides to read the newspaper for the first time in four years. This starts him down a slippery slope. He begins reading obsessively, reexamining his "black-and-white" view of the world in a more "gray-seeming" way, and holing up in his bedroom in his pajamas. Frightened by the President's apparent nervous breakdown, his Chief of Staff  pushes him back into the spotlight, booking him as a guest judge on the television ratings juggernaut , the weekly talent show American Dreamz, a show similar in format to the modern-day American Idol. America cannot seem to get enough of American Dreamz, hosted by self-aggrandizing, self-loathing Martin Tweed , ever on the lookout for the next insta-celebrity. His latest crop of hopefuls includes Sally Kendoo , a conniving steel magnolia with a devoted, dopey veteran boyfriend William Williams ([[Chris Klein , and Omer Obeidi . Because Omer's mother died in the Middle East in an American attack, he joined a group of jihadists. He was an actor in an instruction film for terrorists, but he was too clumsy, and his interest in Western music was frowned upon. Therefore he was sent to the U.S. to await further instructions, but the leaders expected they could not use him. He moved to Southern California to live with his extended family there, including his effeminate cousin Iqbal  and Shazzy . Iqbal hoped to be selected to participate in American Dreamz, but in a misunderstanding Omer was selected instead. Iqbal becomes his manager. Omer's terrorist organization now sees an opportunity: Omer is instructed to make it to the finale, and kill the President in a suicide attack. He succeeds in getting to the finale. Security is bypassed by assembling the bomb after the security check, in the toilet, from small parts smuggled in. Small pieces of explosive are disguised as chewing gum. Omer agrees, but changes his mind and disposes of the bomb in the trash can. Sally is the other finalist. Earlier she dumped William. He went into the army, was wounded in Iraq, and came back to the U.S. For the purpose of the show, Sally pretends she still loves William. However, he sees Sally having sex with Martin, and is furious. After he finds the bomb in the trash can, he comes on stage and threatens to detonate it. While the other people evacuate, William starts singing and Martin, who refuses to let go of the camera, films it. As William reaches the end of the song, he detonates the bomb by walking into the camera, killing both himself and Martin. The film then cuts to shots of people dialing up their cell phones to vote in for the winner. It is eventually revealed that William Williams is the surprise winner of American Dreamz. The end of the film reveals what each of the characters went on to do after the end of last season. Omer went on to become a successful star of his own Broadway revue. At the end of the film he appears in a scene from the musical Grease. The President makes his wife his new Chief of Staff. And Sally Kendoo becomes the new host of American Dreamz.
35068740	Muthu ([[Prabhu  and Veerasamy  are fishermen and they fish together in the same boat. Muthu lives with his mother . Veerasamy drinks lot of alcohol and he has a sister, Meena ([[Kasthuri  who is in love with Muthu. Muthu decides to marry his carefree friend Veerasamy to Ponni ([[Chithra . In a financial trouble, Veerasamy joins Kumar's boat, Kumar  is a rich fishermen union leader. Veerasamy realizes that Meena is in love with Muthu and he promises to Muthu his sister's hand. Meanwhile, Kumar asks Veerasamy to marry Meena, compelled by his wife, Veerasamy accepts. Hopeless, Meena ties to herself a Thaali, she says to Veerasamy that Muthu marries her and Muthu confirms to save her honor. Veerasamy gets angry but when Muthu says the truth, he apologizes to him. Kumar beats Muthu's mother and kidnaps Meena, he arranges a forced marriage between him and Meena. Muthu saves her and he marry her with his best friend blessing.
9709159	Officer Avraham Azoulay is a patrolman in Tel-Aviv's district of Jaffa. He is an honest man, though extremely naive, and because of his character, has never been promoted during his twenty years in the force. He is married to a dull woman ; the couple have no children. His superiors, Captain Levkovich and First Sergeant Bejerano, decide not to renew his contract, though they feel sorry for him. In the meantime, he falls in love with the simple but charming prostitute Mimi, and removes her photograph from the arrests billboard. His wife finds the photo and tears it to pieces, which Azoulay secretly glues together again. Nevertheless, this love will not be realized as Azoulay refuses to divorce his wife, claiming that "it will destroy her". In addition, being a Kohen, he cannot marry a prostitute according to Halakha. Azoulay shows some success at dispersing a demonstration without resorting to violence because of his knowledge in the bible and in Yiddish; he also charms a group of visiting French policemen who adore the French-speaking policeman; in an Arab speaking club house he gives an unaware speech in Arabic. Azoulay is able to see people for what they are and not what they represent. None of these events, however, help to change his superiors' decision to dismiss him. Azoulay forms a friendship with Amar, unaware that he is a notorious criminal. The criminal and his associates decide to fake a crime and allow Azoulay to catch them in the act so that he receive a promotion and regain his contract. They finally decide upon stealing ritual objects, including a large golden cross, from a monastery in the neighborhood. Azoulay manages to catch the criminal in the act and is finally promoted to the rank of a sergeant, but his contract is not renewed and he is forced to retire from the police. In the final scene officer Azoulay leaves the precinct with his new rank and policemen practicing marches in the courtyard all turn to salute him for the first and last time in his life. The final shot of the film presents Azoulay saluting the marching policemen as his eyes fill with tears. This image became one of the most memorable in Israeli cinema.
25094002	The story follows the main characters Rose a comfortably out woman who identifies as lesbian and Anthony a decent progressive straight man who serendipitously meet and then unexpectedly find themselves falling for each other. Rose has to navigate the reaction of her friends  and her family  while Anthony too has to deal with his friends who are equally nonplussed.
30673459	The story centers around Johnny Graham  who was raised by the Torino crime family after his parents' death. He is constantly bothered by the fact that he has to make a decision of whether he should stay loyal to the family that adopted him or his conscience. It is apparent to Johnny that it is time to act when Anthony Torino  sets his sights on D.A. Elizabeth Jones ([[Grace Johnston  who is prosecuting him for the gruesome murder of his cousin. Though Johnny is the family accountant, he is an excellent marksman and he volunteers to make the hit. He persuades a hesitant Anthony into letting him eliminate the DA when in actuality he only want to warn her. His plan is ruined by two men from the Torino family sent to oversee his first hit. The shootout that followed leaves Elizabeth wounded, one of the two men dead, and Johnny arrested. His conscience takes control of him when he confesses and is entered into the Federal Witness Security Program. Shortly after, Anthony is apprehended but escapes and makes contact with a mole in an attempt to uncover the locations of Johnny and the others who were going to testify against him in trial. Torino family hit-man and Johnny's longtime friend, Vince, comes to the farm where Johnny was hidden. Once again, Johnny is scrambling to keep the lives of those who have paths with Anthony intact, including his own. On his journey, he realizes he is not alone on his mission.{{cite web}}
11624345	A thief named Shyam  who has made stealing his career decides to go straight after the death of his mentor . On the run from police for committing a series of robberies in the past, he ends up in a village and he comes across a poet named Deepak  and comes to his aid. Taking advantage of the fact that Deepak is his lookalike he decides to steal his identity by killing him. He backs out of killing him however when he discovers Deepak is already dying of an illness. After Deepak's death he decides to steal his identity and informs the police that Deepak is actually the thief Shyam. However a police inspector  who had tried to capture Shyam after he committed a robbery becomes suspicious that Shyam is actually alive and masquerading as the poet Deepak.
5786261	The cartoon opens with a display of the book that shows the Three Little Pigs who used to play pipes and dance jigs. The short then focuses to the present day and reveals the pigs now play modern instruments and perform as The Three Little Bops. During a gig at the House of Straw, the Big Bad Wolf appears and proves he is friendly by stating that he wants to join the band. The Wolf happens to be terrible at playing his choice instrument  so the pigs throw him out. Feeling insulted, the Wolf retaliates by blowing down the straw house, forcing the pigs to go to the Dew Drop Inn, the House of Sticks. Things go well , until the Wolf comes in and attempts to play his trumpet again. Like the pigs, the people watching also think the wolf's playing is corny, so they call for the pigs to "throw the square out", which they do. Again, the Wolf retaliates by blowing down, or "dropping out," the Dew Drop Inn. The pigs then realize that in order to escape the Wolf's "windy tricks," they will go to the House of Bricks . For the pigs, the House of Bricks has a "No Wolves Allowed" rule, so when the Wolf tries to get in, he is punched in the face by a bouncer. The Wolf runs out of breath in trying to blow away the club, but thinks he can get in by disguising himself. He reenters in fur coat and ukulele with his rendition of the Charleston song . He returns in the disguise of a houseplant with his trumpet but gets blasted outside by a plunger shot from the double bass. For his third try, the Wolf shows up in drum major outfit playing a big bass drum to the tune of Onward Christian Soldiers. A dart is shot into the drum to deflate, leaving him to exit in humiliation. Finally, he shows up with a large cylinder of TNT and snaps, "I'll show those pigs that I'm not stuck! If I can't blow it down, I'll blow it up!" The fuse is blown out on his first try, so he steps back a bit and lights it from there. Unfortunately for him, he is too far away and his weapon explodes while he is carrying it to his target. The narrator reveals that the explosion did not send the Wolf to Heaven but down to Hell , where his trumpet playing improves. When the pigs hear this, one of them proudly replies, "The Big Bad Wolf, he learned the rule: you gotta get hot to play real cool!" The Wolf's spirit then rises up through the floor and joins in for the final notes, prompting one of the pigs to alter their band's name to "The Three Little Bops Plus One," ending the cartoon.
30706685	On 1 January 1993, two customs officers, one Belgian and the other French, learn of the future closure of their small customs post situated between Courquain in France and Koorkin in Belgium. Both a hereditary francophobe and an over-zealous Belgian customs officer, Ruben Vandevoorde is forced to join the first Franco-Belgian mobile squad. The first French volunteer for the squad is Mathias Ducatel, Vandervoorde's personal bete noire. Ducatel also has the misfortune to have fallen in love with Vandervoorde's sister Louise, who is afraid to show her feelings towards him because of the trouble she knows it will cause within her family. {|style"50%" |
33837735	Emilio di Roccanera, The Black Corsair, seeks revenge against Governor Van Guld for the murder of his family.
21132951	Vishwanathan , an innocent young man in Kochi for a job interview is mistaken by many for a hardcore criminal and is arrested by police. His similarity to the criminal is so accurate that even cops mistakes him to a local criminal. Luckily, George Kutty ([[Mukesh , the police inspector, happens to be the classmate of Vishwanathan, and gets him released. George Kutty explains Vishwanathan about the crimes done by the criminal, whose real name and background is a mystery even for police. Looking just the same as Vishwanathan, he has several criminal cases pending against him and is on run. Vishwanathan, joins a job in city and falls in love with his co-worker Ambili . Mohandas, his MD in the company one day has a visitor in his office, who again mistakes VIshwanathan for the criminal, which ends in losing his job. The problems faced by Vishwanathan continues, including the breaking down of a marriage proposal for his sister. Vishwanathn thus loses hope in life and decides to take revenge against the criminal. He imposters himself as the criminal and extorts money there by inviting ire of the criminal. Vishwanthan is thus chased by the criminal. In a bitter fight, the criminal is accidentally stabbed to death by one of his accomplices. But his body is mistaken to be of Vishwanathan's as a bag containing educational certificates and bank passbook was lying near the body. Vishwanathan on reaching home witnesses his family performing last rites. That night, Vishwanathan appears in front of his father and explains him the reality. His father consoles Vishwanathan and tries to take him inside the house. Vishwanathan refuses to go with him and decides to live as the criminal for the rest of his life as a sweet revenge for ruining his life. However, a smiling Jayaram, walking around the cremation site, is shown in the very last scene of the movie, leaving the viewer wondering if the man who got killed was the criminal or Vishwanathan.
18906519	British private detective Edward Mercer  is employed to travel to Venice and locate an Italian who is to be rewarded for his assistance to Allied airmen during the Second World War. Once he arrives in Italy, however, he becomes mixed up in an assassination and a great deal of mystery.
30490651	The film revolves around three characters – Vinod , Santhosh  and Kochumon . The trio eats, sleeps and parties together in Kuttanad. They also have their individual ambitions in life. Vinod is in love with his uncle's daughter Kalyani . He is madly pursuing a government job because his uncle agrees to the marriage if and when he obtains one. Kochumon is desperate to go abroad and get rich, while Santhosh is committed to start a computer center. All goes well until Mahesh  enters, a collegemate of Vinod. Son of a former MP , he is in love with Aiswarya , daughter of a bigwig in Govindapuram. Shocked by Mahesh’s suicide attempt due to love failure, the trio promises to help him out and unite the two lovers. They set out to Govindapuram where they enlist the help of their old friend "Chenkal Choola" Babu . The trio manages to help the couple get married and settle down in a safe place. Caught between the two families, Santhosh loses his leg and Kochumon goes deaf. Meanwhile, Vinod suffers a personal loss in the family. Soon they realise that the battle they fought did not serve any purpose because the couple develop difference of opinions and split within a short time. Their sacrifices for their friend's love amounted to nothing. What the trio then does to teach the couple a lesson, forms the movie climax.
33745750	The confusing and conspiratorial 15th ruler of Korea's Joseon Dynasty King Gwang-hae  orders his councilor, Heo Gyun , to find him a double in order to avoid the constant threat of assassination. Heo Gyun finds Ha-sun, a lowly acrobat and bawdy joker who looks remarkably like the king, and just as feared, Gwang-hae is poisoned. Heo Gyun proposes Ha-sun fill the role as the king until Gwang-hae recovers fully and grooms Ha-sun to look and act every bit the king. While assuming the role of the king at his first official appearance, Ha-sun begins to ponder the intricacies of the problems debated in his court. Being fundamentally more humanitarian than Gwang-hae, Ha-sun’s affection and appreciation of even the most minor servants slowly changes morale in the palace for the better. Over time he finds his voice and takes control of governing the country with real insight and fair judgments. Even Heo Gyun is moved by Ha-sun’s genuine concern for the people, and realizes he is an infinitely better ruler than Gwang-hae. However, his chief opposition, Park Chung-seo , notices the sudden shift in the king’s behavior and starts to ask questions. The queen  is also conflicted between the real king and the fake king’s secret.{{cite news}}
13542692	Carlos  has to work to feed his wife , and his 15 children and the grandpa . The children dream with having a television. The summer holidays is another trouble for the big family.
27380443	Private detectives Dick and Gus are asked to investigate the disappearance and possible murder of her wealthy grandfather Jonas Morton. The duo encounter houseguest Mr. Grooch and his two assistants, who are behind the goings-on, and plotting to steal the Morton fortune. Creepy butler Jarvis also seems to have an ulterior motive. Dick and Gus' presence is not appreciated, and they find themselves the targets of poison, gunfire, and an electrifying death trap.
473286	Jerry Falk  is an aspiring writer living in New York City who falls in love at first sight with Amanda  and begins having an affair and eventually tells his girlfriend about it so that she will dump him because Falk cannot end relationships. Seeking advice, Jerry turns to an aging struggling artist  who acts as his oracle &mdash; and that includes trying to help sort out Jerry’s romantic life.
33942920	 In 1906 London, orphan Peter Pan  is one of a gang of juvenile street thieves assembled by arch crook and ace fencer James "Jimmy" Hook . When Jimmy scores a major job, the ever-willing-to-please Peter talks the other boys into pulling off the heist themselves in order to impress Jimmy. They manage to steal a strange glowing orb from a gallery for a mysterious man. While Peter is off to the side, the boys and Jimmy gather around the orb. When Jimmy gives it a tap, Peter watches a glowing sphere encompass them and they disappear. Believing his friends dead, Peter runs to find the man for whom they stole the orb in order to exact revenge. The man tells Peter that they are still alive, so Peter hits the orb himself to see where they went. Jimmy and the boys find themselves in a strange land and are quickly captured by a band of pirates led by Captain Elizabeth Bonny , but Fox manages to escape. The crew tells the gang that they are from the early 18th century and have never aged the entire time they were here. The captain decides that Jimmy is useless and tries to have him thrown to the giant crocodiles, but Jimmy manages to fight off the crew. Having earned their respect, Jimmy is allowed to stay. In the captain's quarters, Bonny shows Jimmy, who has identified himself as James Hook, a magical mineral dust that comes from the tree spirits that live on the island. The dust gives the power of flight, but she only has a small vial and does not have the knowledge of how to properly use it. She further explains that the tree spirit colony lies in a forest beyond the mountain range and the only passages are protected by a lost Kaw tribe. Jimmy agrees to help the pirates get to the tree spirits. Peter finds himself in the middle of a strange forest and has a quick reunion with Fox before they see a large swarm of tree spirits flying towards them. Running away, they stumble upon a group of Kaw hunters and are taken blindfolded through the secret passage to the Native village. The boys make friends with the Natives and meet the chief's daughter, Aaya/Tiger Lily . Peter makes an attempt to rescue the boys and Jimmy; while the boys are safe, Fox is killed when Peter returns for Jimmy, who stays on the ship. That night Peter has a strange dream in which he sees a hooded figure holding the orb on top of a mountain as meteorites rain down and a tree spirit races towards him. The next day, Peter notices that a scout had painted the scene he witnessed in his dream. Discussing the dream together they are able to work out where the mountain was that the scene took place, and so Peter and Aaya set out in search of the orb which will take them home. Meanwhile, back on the pirate ship, Hook and Bonny have a similar discussion and they too set off in search of the hooded man, hoping he will lead them to the tree spirit colony. On the way to the mountains, Peter and Aaya stumble upon a city grown entirely out of living trees. While exploring, they find the hooded man who reveals himself to be the mysterious benefactor who hired Jimmy's crew to steal the orb. He introduces himself as Dr. Fludd , the royal alchemist for Queen Elizabeth I. He explains that he had discovered a planet which exists, paradoxically, at the edges and center of the universe and due to the strange nature of its position, time stands still. He created the orb as a way of transporting people to the planet, which he calls Neverland. The process of creating the sister to the orb, which can take the user from Neverland back to Earth, was what Peter had witnessed in his dream. The tree spirit from the dream thought that Fludd was in danger and tried to save him, instead imbuing her with "astral energy". Fludd named the spirit Tinker Bell, who can communicate through telepathy. He built the city as a Utopia where all the greatest scientific minds on Earth can live. While they plot out a way to rescue the rest of the crew from the pirates, they are interrupted by Jimmy, Bonny, and several pirates who enter the city. The two groups fight, Fludd is killed, Aaya is captured, and the pirates take the orb. Peter is stabbed by Bonny and thrown off of a balcony, assumed dead.  The pirates make their way back to the ship, with Jimmy vowing to find a way to get the power of flight before he returns to England. Meanwhile Peter is brought to the tree spirit colony by Tinker Bell and after being healed is immersed in a pool filled with the mineral dust, emerging with the ability to fly. The spirit elders tell him that he was recognized for his innocence and must use his new powers to stop Jimmy from finding the colony. Jimmy persuades the captain to risk traversing a ravine protected by the Natives, with Aaya as hostage. Halfway across, Peter cuts Aaya loose and flies away with her. Using the gang of boys as bait, Jimmy alone persuades Peter to show him the spirit colony and then they can return together. Once Jimmy reaches the forest, via the Natives' secret passage, he betrays Peter and reveals that the pirates have been following them. Forcing Peter to show them how it's done, Bonny immerses herself in the mineral dust pool, but burns up and dies upon emerging since she didn't have innocence in her heart. Secretly pleased that he is the new captain of the pirates, Jimmy forces Peter to show him the cave where he hid the orb. Peter manages to escape along with the boys. The tree spirits, angry that Peter lead Jimmy to them, try to erase Peter's memory so that the only thing left will be his childlike innocence, but they are interrupted by Tinker Bell who releases her astral energy on them. Ostracized from her people for that act, Tinker Bell joins up with Peter to try and stop Jimmy, now known as Captain Hook. The two groups meet in the cave where the orb is hidden. Peter and Hook fight over the orb, during which Hook tells Peter that the picture of the woman in a fob watch he carries is actually Peter's mother, to whom Hook swore an oath to protect her son, despite his hatred of Peter's father. While fighting Peter cuts off Hook's hand. Both the hand and the watch are swallowed by a giant crocodile. Hook manages to knock Peter unconscious and the cave begins to crumble. All the parties quickly escape except for Peter and Tinker Bell. Peter, instead of fleeing, revives Tinker Bell, and the cave collapses. Some time later, the boys are living with the Natives when they are surprised to see Peter reappear, dressed in a suit and accompanied by Tinker Bell. He tells them that he managed to activate the orb before the cave collapsed and did well for himself stealing some goods in London, which he gives to the boys. When asked why he came back to Neverland, knowing that now there is no way back to Earth, he tells them that there is adventure everywhere in this land. One of the boys suddenly points out to Peter that his shadow is missing, thus leading into the events of the Original Peter Pan.
11388102	Tim Kelly  and Max Ginsberg  have struck it rich by investing in copper stock. But when the stock takes a dive, they are compelled to go back into their former profession — junk dealers. They take in the destitute Mary Riley  as a boarder and she hits it off so well with them that she winds up becoming a partner in their rag & junk company. Mary falls in love with a man named Nathan Burke , the son of wealthy parents. Nathan's mother , however, disapproves of Mary. Eventually it is revealed that Mrs. Burke came from a poor background herself, and her long-ago sweetheart was Max. After this discovery, she gives the couple her blessings. The copper stock soars in value once again, so Kelly and Ginsberg are back in the money.Old Clothes at silentera.com
19757981	The gang unintentionally wreaks havoc at the gala Hollywood premiere of the adventure epic "Gun Boats". Chased away by the angry authorities, the undaunted kids decide to stage their own movie premiere—and they even film a movie for the occasion. Alas, the gang's cinematic effort, entitled The Mysteeryus Mystery, is not quite as entertaining as the efforts by Buckwheat to remove his feet from a block of cement<ref namehttp://movies.nytimes.com/movie/226197/The-Big-Premiere/overview |title2008-10-08|workLawrence | last=Van Gelder}}
3644125	Frank Ross  is a crusading reporter for a big city newspaper who is on the trail of a crooked assistant D.A., Jesse Hanley who is running for Governor. At the Banton Construction Co., Ross sees Hanley and his men burning books and ledgers before a possible investigation brought about by the paper that Ross works for. His editor Patterson backs Ross in getting Hanley but Hanley decides to get rid of him, so frames him. Knocked out and covered in whiskey, he is put in a runaway car which collides with another, killing 3 young people and is thrown in prison for one to twenty years on a charge of automotive manslaughter. He meets a gangster, Stacey , who, as there is no death penalty in that state, is in for 199 years. They work in the twine-making room together and Stacey falls into Ross's debt when Ross saves him from a knife thrown by another inmate. Ross's reporter friends outside are trying to help him win vindication, by finding the real culprits, but they are having no success. Stacey agrees to help Ross find the real killers, if he helps him escape from a courthouse. They arrange that Stacey be named by Ross as guilty for killing of Limpy, another inmate and hated stool pigeon. Ross goes along with the plot, but antagonizes Stacey by tipping off his old newspaper so the court room is full of reporters which jeopardises his escape. He escapes by leaping from a window onto a truck with a soft landing but makes no effort to find the real culprits who were responsible for Ross's predicament. Ross, meanwhile, is implicated in the escape and after being beaten up by brutal guards, spends five months in "the hole". This is a cell where prisoners in solitary confinement are handcuffed to the bars, standing up and are fed bread and water. Ross who has become a bad character is promised a chance at parole by the warden if he behaves but unknown to him, Hanley's stooge, Grayce has been appointed head of the Parole Board and turns Ross down, meaning he must wait another five years before he can try again for parole. Stacey is convinced by Ross's reporter girlfriend, Joyce  to carry out his promise. He finds the man who "fingered" Ross and gets from him the name of the man who framed him: "Polecat", who just happens to be a jailhouse informant widely disliked in the same prison. Stacey, impressed with Ross being a "square guy," decides to go back to prison to find the informant and free Ross. Stacey and Ross are caught up in a jailhouse riot using revolvers which have been smuggled in. A vicious prison guard is killed and the warden and some of his men are captured, as hostages. But the National Guard have been sent for and attack the escaping prisoners with machine guns, gas and hand grenades. Stacey gets hold of Polecat and has him confess to framing Ross, where the warden and his men can hear and Ross is vindicated. Most of the escaping convicts die including the badly wounded Stacey who takes Polecat with him and deliberately gets them both killed, so that Polecat cannot go back on his confession. As Ross leaves prison with his girlfriend, Governor Hanley is arrested for murder.
21450904	After the mayor uses a potentially dangerous substance to protect the local plantation, the lakeside town of Mountview, in California, is attacked by a lethal species of large cockroach. After some of the town's inhabitants are killed, the mayor enlists the help of eccentric pest exterminator General George S. Merlin in order to prevent further harm to the local dwellers.
11823946	Viola  and Sebastian  are young twins and entertainers who use their likeness to tease their audiences. During a journey by sea, they are caught in a storm, shipwrecked and separated. Viola and other survivors end up on the shore of Illyria. A devastated Viola believes her brother dead. She later takes his appearance in order to join the court of the local Duke Orsino . Viola becomes a page, using the name "Cesario". Orsino is madly in love with the lady Olivia , who is in mourning due to her brother's recent death. She uses the tragedy as an excuse to avoid seeing the Duke, whom she does not love. He sends "Cesario" to do his wooing and Olivia falls in love with the messenger, unaware of "Cesario"'s real gender. Realising Olivia's feelings for her alter ego, Viola is caught in even more of quandary in that she is in love with Orsino. Meanwhile, elements of Olivia's household plot against her pompous steward Malvolio  by tricking him into believing that Olivia loves him.  His attempts to woo her, however, are met with bewilderment by Olivia who has him committed, where he is subjected to further humiliations by Maria , Feste  and Sir Toby Belch . Sir Toby, Olivia's uncle and a notorious drunk, is also trying to encourage his friend, the idiotic Sir Andrew Aguecheek  to court Olivia, but she purposely ignores him. Sir Toby pushes Sir Andrew into challenging "Cesario" to a duel, which goes very badly for Aguecheek. Furthermore, Viola's twin, Sebastian, has in fact survived the wreck and has also arrived in Illyria, accompanied by Antonio , who saved him from drowning. Antonio, who has "many enemies in Orsino's court", is forced to flee when he is recognised and comes across "Cesario", whom he mistakes for Sebastian, and is outraged when "Cesario" fails to help him out. Arriving at her estate, Sebastian meets Olivia, who, mistaking him for "Cesario", talks him into marrying her. When he learns of this, Orsino is furious and dismisses his page, whom he had made a friend and confidante. However, the matter is soon cleared up when Sebastian and "Cesario" come face-to-face and the latter reveals her real nature and identity of Viola. Orsino marries Viola. The film ends with both couples holding a party to celebrate their marriages, while the supporting players, including the humiliated Sir Andrew and Malvolio, leave the estate their heads held high and Feste sings his song, "The Wind and the Rain".
6575053	The crew of a deep ocean station "DeepStar Six", which is funded by the Navy, is expected to perform scientific studies as well as install an underwater missile silo. While checking on the area they are to build the silo, they discover an underwater cave created by magma. The cave is supposedly millions of years old. Their marine biologist, Dr. Scarpelli  wants to study the cave, but Dr. Van Gelder does not wish to jeopardize the DeepStar project and wants to destroy the cave instead. After Osborne  and Hodges  blast the cave open, they send in an unmanned vehicle, which is mysteriously lost; they search for the pod in a small submarine when they are attacked by a mysterious creature. Joyce Collins  loses contact and tells Snyder  to get help, but before he can the station is attacked by the same creature and begins to slowly flood and gradually slide towards a nearby chasm. Captain Laidlaw  and McBride  try to rescue them, but are attacked by the same creature. Only McBride and Joyce escape; Laidlaw's spine is crushed, so he stays behind and commits suicide by flooding the station. After four deaths and the functional loss of the station, their command gives the green light to abandon the site. They first must secure the missiles, though; since Cpt. Laidlaw is dead, Snyder is ordered to follow procedures based on preset computer instructions. Because the creature was "very aggressive" Snyder reports the cause as "aggression"  so the computer orders the missiles be detonated. Snyder follows the orders without question. The resulting shockwave damages the station and they are forced to abandon it . They first must decompress before heading to the surface. Unfortunately, the decompression chamber was also damaged. The crew figures out a way to maintain pressure so they can safely leave, but while Richardson is sent to repair external damage he is again attacked by the sea creature, a huge reptilian/crustacean with crab claws and a reptilian tail. Richardson manages to get back into the airlock but almost immediately water gushes in, followed by the creature, who rips Richardson in half. Scarpelli, in shock over his death, is attacked next while the remaining crew head to higher ground to arm themselves. Snyder gets a harpoon gun while the rest of the crew use shotguns. They have to complete repairs to the station in order to leave and so they re-enter the flooded area and throw lights to distract the creature . When the creature emerges from the water, Van Gelder inadvertently backs into Snyder's weapon and is punctured with a carbon dioxide charge, which explodes. Snyder becomes mentally unstable as his guilt has made him erratic. He panics when he hallucinates a dead Van Gelder coming at him. Dr. Norris gives him something to calm his nerves, but it is not enough; he has a complete breakdown and comandeers the one emergency escape pod. Snyder heads to the surface without adjusting to the pressure; he "explodes" during his rapid ascent. Meanwhile Dr. Norris, McBride, and Joyce are stuck so McBride risks swimming to the mini-sub in complete darkness and silence, to use it as an escaping pod. The creature attacks Dr. Norris and Collins, cornering them. Joyce manages to escape to the decompression chamber; Dr. Norris distracts the creature and tells Joyce to leave. Dr. Norris then holds live defibrillator paddles in the water and fires a strong electric shock; she dies in the process but the creature is also supposedly killed. After Collins and McBride finish decompressing, they leave in a mini-sub just before the reactor explodes. When they reach the surface they inflate a life raft, but the creature suddenly attacks them. McBride dives into the water while Joyce stays on the raft. He spills the mini-sub's fuel and ignites it with a flare gun. The sub explodes, finally killing the creature. Joyce believes that McBride is dead, but he surfaces nearby, having dived below the water and the exploding sub. They start rowing across the ocean, waiting for a navy rescue team to arrive.
21714981	The four segments of the film average about 30 minutes in length and are presented in the following order.The Miles Ago database of Australian films * Part 1: "The Husband" - Focuses on a suburban husband and wife, their relationship and their sexual fantasies. * Part 2: "The Child" - A lonely boy seeks revenge on a man he finds engaging in intercourse with his beloved governess. * Part 3: "The Priest" - A priest contemplates leaving the church as a result of his indefatigable attraction to a nun. * Part 4: "The Family Man" - The husband of a woman in labor arranges with a friend to take two women to a secluded beach house.
11990695	Two people disappear along the Appalachian Trail: a young man jogging with his girlfriend and a hermit who rarely leaves his home. Sheriff Grady Barnes  finds a trail in the woods which leads him to parts of the hermit's body. That night, young Roy Satterly  is reading by flashlight when a Bengal tiger briefly appears in front of his bedroom window. In the morning, his mother, Rose , finds him sleepwalking in the woods in front of their house. A cast taken at the next victim's scene points to a tiger as the hermit's killer, so Sheriff Barnes holds a press conference to warn the public. The tiger visits Roy's home again that night. A tabloid paper offers a $10,000 reward for the tiger causing the town to be inundated with hunters and reporters. The sheriff forbids anyone from going in the woods and hunting the tiger, but while out with Deputy Sharon Weinman , he sees Roy in the woods. They give chase, but instead find a dead tabloid reporter. The National Guard is called in to help. The sheriff later sees Roy in the woods again and warns him to stay out before taking him home and giving Rose the same warning. After he leaves, she mistakenly believes Roy told the sheriff lies about there being a tiger and chastises him. Six National Guardsmen arrive, led by Sergeant Winshiser , as does Colonel James Livingston-Graham , an experienced big game hunter and tracker from England who specializes in hunting man-eating tigers. Sergeant Winshiser and his men arrogantly refuse to use the sheriff's advice and help. Graham tells the sheriff the soldiers will fail due to their arrogance and that he will start his hunt for the tiger when they finish. When the guardsmen search for the tiger, it kills one silently. Graham appears and explains how the tiger did it and helps them find the body. Later, Deputy Weinman and Deputy Ezra Hundt , the mayor's son, find one of the National Guard trucks sitting empty on the road. They investigate and Weinman tells Hundt to call their position in to headquarters. She finds that the two guardsmen were attacked by the tiger, one being killed and the other shot by his partner. Hearing Hundt blowing the patrol car horn, she runs back to the car, but the tiger has already killed him. Meanwhile, Roy encounters Graham in the woods and they discuss the tiger. When Roy asks if Graham is going to kill the tiger, Graham tells him that he must because it can't chose not to hunt whatever is around it, including people. They shake hands and part ways with Graham continuing to the scene of the National Guard attack. When he arrives, he explains how the tiger attacked the guardsmen and deputy. Later, at another press conference, a reporter reveals that Graham was exiled from India, his former home, after he failed to kill a tiger that slaughtered over 200 people. The sheriff visits Graham that night and he explains that the situation had been beyond his control. Later that night, Roy dreams the tiger killed Graham and runs to his tent to check on him. Graham offers to walk him home, but they end up going to the store where Rose works when Roy says she is working late. When they arrive, the tiger attacks and kills her. They run into the store, but are separated. Graham calls for Roy, but the tiger gets into the building and attacks him, Graham barely failing to kill the tiger with both shots he fires. Sheriff Barnes arrives after being alerted about a break-in alarm and is chased into the store by the tiger. He finds Graham's hat and a blood trail and tries to find him before hearing Roy calling out from under a truck outside. The sheriff dives under the truck and shields the boy as the tiger tries to attack. When the tiger jumps into the bed of the truck, they run to the sheriff's truck. The sheriff shoots at the tiger, but hits a gasoline tank causing it to explode and kill the tiger. Graham appears beside the building, bloody but alive. Deciding his hunting days are over, Graham returns home. Sheriff Barnes and his wife adopt the orphaned Roy.
3649186	The film opens in Mexico, in the home of an upper-class antiques salesman named Don Carlos Montero and his wife Rosario, whose son, Carlos or Carlitos, is accused of stealing by the principal of his school. Carlitos is scolded harshly by his father when he comes home, and is locked in his room. Carlitos runs away, but is found by an engineer named Julio Mistral who works in the forest. Julio returns the boy to his parents, and Don Carlos is very grateful. Julio becomes great friends with the Montero family, but in private asks Rosario why she really married such a harsh mannered and older man. One day, Rosario and Carlitos pay a visit to Julio in the forest, while Don Carlos spends the day in town on business. Carlitos enjoys himself immensely, fishing for trout. Rosario and Julio converse privately, and Julio notes how unhappy she is. Rosario reveals that she is unhappy because she married Don Carlos for his money when she was very young. Julio sympathizes her plight as a woman who has never truly loved, and they fall in love with each other. Rosario and Julio begin an affair, and Julio tries to convince her to run away with him to Brazil. She eventually agrees, but decides to wait, after Don Carlos suffers a severe heart attack. Don Carlos ultimately lives, and Rosario refuses to go with Julio, unable to separate Carlitos from his father, who had grown close since his illness. The film skips about 20 years into the future, where Carlos, and his younger brother, Miguel , have graduated from medical school. One day, news arrives that Julio Mistral has died and decided to will all of his money to Miguel. Initially, everybody is perplexed at this action, as Julio had never met Miguel.  Though it is not explicitly stated in the film, Carlos soon pieces together that Miguel was willed this money because he is the illegitimate child of Julio and his mother, Rosario. Carlos refuses Miguel's offer to share his inheritance, which he uses to build a new clinic, and begins acting bitter towards his mother and brother. Miguel becomes engaged to be married to a woman who Carlos is convinced wants to marry him for his money. At his wedding, Don Carlos collapses and dies from a heart attack. The film comes to a conclusion as Carlos finally discloses the truth about the inheritance to Miguel, who becomes very angry and fights Carlos. Rosario breaks up the fight, and confirms what Carlos has said. Miguel is distraught, and Rosario unapologetically tells them that Julio was the only man she ever loved. The brothers reconcile their differences at the sight of their emotional mother, wrought with sadness. Carlos leaves for the tropics to do research, and the film ends with Rosario placing a picture of Julio on her mantelpiece.
6935978	Ben Jones  and Marion 'Howdy' Lewis  are two easygoing, modern-day cowboys who make a meager living breaking wild horses. Their frequent employer is Jim Ed Love , a shrewd businessman who always gets the better of them. After they bring him a string of tamed horses and spend the winter rounding up stray cows, he talks them into taking a nondescript roan horse in lieu of some of their wages. Ben finds  that the horse is unrideable. Rather than turning it into soap or dog food, he comes up with the bright idea of taking it to a rodeo and betting other cowhands they cannot ride it, thereby doubling their earnings. Along the way, the duo stop to help two none-too-bright strippers, Mary  and Sister , with their car, which has broken down. Not knowing much about cars, they give them a ride to the nearest garage, but end up getting to know them better  and taking them along to the rodeo. Everything goes as planned; nobody is able to stay on the horse. Then the animal suddenly collapses and Ben spends all the money they've won for veterinary help—and a new stable to replace the one destroyed by the roan when he recovers. In the end, Ben and Howdy end up right back where they started, with only the roan to show for their efforts.
12092931	Andrew  meets a young Russian girl, Daria,  while on vacation in Europe and falls in love. He goes to Moscow, where he meets Daria's father , a rich Russian mafia oligarch, and becomes entwined with his situation, which places them both in grave danger.
1596505	A group of very different people live in a hotel in Los Angeles, including the romantically involved Tom Tom  and Eloise . The events that unfold are the result of the death of an important resident; the son  of a billionarie media mogul. His father commissions an FBI agent  to look into his death.
11901512	Cast  *Violent J&nbsp;– J *Shaggy 2 Dope&nbsp;– Shaggy *Krista Kalmus&nbsp;– Amy *Lindsay Ballew&nbsp;– Stacy *Kathlyne Pham&nbsp;– Tiffany *Damian Lea&nbsp;– Brad *Sabin Rich&nbsp;– Carl *Mark Jury&nbsp;– Guy In Car *Roxxi Dolt&nbsp;– Girl In Car
25807103	{{tone}} Jane  is a secretary who doesn't know that her life is being filmed and shown in theaters, or that those who are closest to her are in on it. She's being sexually harassed by her corpulent boss , humiliated by her fey boyfriend, given the gaslight treatment by the people around her, et cetera, and she doesn't know why... but she's starting to suspect that something isn't quite right.
20903293	Raju  is an orphan who is brought up by the people of colony in Juhu area of Bombay. He lives as a son of all residents of the colony and helps them for their financial needs by stealing and because of this he is jailed for some months frequently. He is affectionately called as Raju by Hindus and Khan by Muslims. Prem Singh  intends to build a hotel in the colony and compels people to vacate the place or pay Rs.10000 as rent. Actually the land belongs to Neetu the princess of Raigadh. Prem urges Neetu to marry him so that he can own the land of Juhu. But Neetu  resists the proposal. Neetu's uncle manges to get the photograph of the prince and sends it to Raj Matha. Prince Rajeshwar  is kidnapped by Prem's mother in his childhood to prevent him inherit the wealth of Raigadh palace and make her son the heir for it. Raju steals a car of Prem Singh and gets caught when he tries to sell his car to himself. Seeing his intelligent innocence he first uses him to transport smuggled stuffs to Raigadh in the car. Neetu escapes from Prem and hides at the back of the car. While Raju drives towards to Raigadh he finds her and takes her along with him. On the way, though both of them but fight they develop a feeling for each other. Raju who thinks he is not eligible for the princess tries to kill his feelings.Prem recognizes the identity of lost Prince Rajeshwar in Raju. So he insists Raju to act like him in the palace but Raju refuses as he cannot serve several years of jail as his colony people need him. Prem sets fire to the colony and this angers Raju. So he sets off to palace where without any effort accepted by Queen as Prince Rajeshwar in spite of his repeated denials. Queen identifies him through his photograph, burnt hand  and the finger print of prince. But astrologer who is working for Prem lies to the Queen that he is the real prince thinking Raju is the man sent by Prem. Raju was crowned as Prince Rajeshwar. The real prince is under custody of Prem's mother who is still childlike playing with toys and putting his thumb finger in his mouth like toddler. Raju captures Prem and arrests him in the palace prison. Thakur Singh who wants to be the actual heir finds that Prem is his own son. Prem reveals to his father that he is not the real prince but sent by him. Thakur Singh reveals this to all but he is not believed by anybody as he has no proof for his statement. Raju is moved by the motherly love of the queen and so he wants to leave the palace unwilling to deceive and disappoint her but stays on compulsion of Neetu as she insists Raj Mata is smiling only on his arrival. Raju swears to stay and find out the real prince. Meanwhile Queen finds out the truth and asks him to get out but is shot by Thakur Singh and blames Raju for shooting. Raju is arrested. But he escapes from them. Prem plans to kill Raju when he comes to hospital to visit Rajmata. But Raju disguises himself as Dr. Muthuswamy a man from Madras and donates the rare blood AB negative to the queen and saves her. Raju finds out the real Prince Rajeshwar who is under custody of Prem and rescues him. Prem, his mother and Thakur Singh are arrested. Queen finally re-unites with her son. She also unites Neetu with Raju as Neetu actually loves him.
27387452	Jordan Sands,  is an allergy-prone, awkward, nerdy 17-year-old girl forced to be the woman of the house after her mother’s death and has often been bullied by popular girls Ashley Edwards  and Tiffany . Her embittered widower father David  is struggling to make ends meet while her younger brother Hunter  drives his family crazy with gory pranks. Their financial woes may be relieved when they inherit their Great Uncle Dragomir Ducovic’s castle in Wolfsberg, Romania. After arriving in Wolfsberg during Moonlight Mania which honors the famous Wolfsberg Beast, they meet the strange and steely housekeeper of the castle Madame Varcolac , which strangely, everytime someone utters her name, a wolf is heard howling. Having spent most of her life as the Wolfsberg Manor housekeeper, Madame Varcolac discourages David from selling the property, but real estate agent Paulina Von Eckberg  has other plans in mind and begins dating David to win him over. The Sands’ strange visit soon goes awry when a freak lab accident in which a vial of LB-217 was broken and Jordan accidentally steps on it. After Hunter removes the vial shard from the sole of Jordan's foot, Jordan starts to develop a transformation into a werewolf, signs such as the desire to eat meat, play with dogs, and she begins growing fur that continuously regrows even after waxing & her getting new irises that are lighter blue as wolf eyes. Hunter's paranormal expert friends claim Jordan has to be a werewolf and explain that Jordan had 3 ways: Having a bloodline werewolf, getting bitten or being infected by werewolf blood & they explain that LB-217 was an old Latin term for werewolf blood by the ancient Greek king, Lycaon, who caused the lycanthropy myth. Succumbing to the changes, Jordan becomes graceful, athletic, and self-confident as well as being able to see without her glasses. Jordan's dark side is dangerous to others and the change befuddles her new suitor Goran , the town’s young attractive butcher. Her first transformation occurred after her date with Goran where she almost attacks Hunter before David comes home causing her to retreat into the woods, which Hunter becomes aware of a foreshock before the transformation, seeing Jordan's wolf eyes. In order to salvage her crush and return back to her normal self, Jordan must rely on Hunter to save her before it is too late. Hunter's occult-expert friends say that if Jordan stays a werewolf throughout a full moon night, she will remain living as a human who will transform into a werewolf & back for the rest of her entire life. The only way to lift the curse is to kill Jordan with a silver bullet, which Hunter refuses to carry out. As Hunter tries to find a way to reverse Jordan's curse, he stumbles onto Varcolac, who reveals to Hunter that she knows of Jordan's curse, and has once lived with a cursed being herself: Uncle Dragomir. She reveals to Hunter and Jordan that their Uncle Dragomir was the Wolfsberg Beast, a kind and gentle man who was a brilliant scientist and humanitarian; he researched a way to reverse the werewolf curse so that others wouldn't be forced to live the same cruel fate he had. He led an army of werewolves into a war many years ago when a clan of evil vampires attempted to rule the world; the werewolves took the victory and the Wolfsberg country became sacred land where the Wolfsberg Manor now stands. With Dragomir dead, Varcolac fears that the vampires will try to rule the world by killing Jordan. Jordan offers to have her become the new Wolfsberg Beast to protect the castle, but Varcolac says that only a blood-line werewolf can become the protector. The three of them go into town collecting supplies for the werewolf cure. As it turns out, Paulina is an evil vampire who wants to take over Wolfsberg Manor. It is revealed that she killed Uncle Dragomir and Jordan is next. She captures Jordan, Hunter and David, attempting to kill Jordan with a silver bullet. Hunter, desperate to save everyone, sights the full moon and begins stages of the transformation Jordan experienced for a few days in only a matter of seconds & becomes a werewolf . Hunter and Paulina battle for a while, Hunter calls Jordan by howling & Jordan returns to fight while Varcolac continues to finish the cure & notices the rising sun. Jordan & Hunter become aware of this & finally manage to vaporize the vampires by pushing them into the lights. Jordan saves Hunter from a blow by tackling Paulina & putting her into the sunlight. Everyone returns to Wolfsberg Manor and Varcolac cures Jordan of her werewolf curse minutes before the effects would become permanent. The lawyer in charge of Dragomir's estate allows Varcolac to continue working there, and gives the Sands the money they inherited from Dragomir . Hunter becomes the Wolfsberg Beast to take Dragomir's place, howling in werewolf form from a mountain outside the town during the Wolfsberg festival that honors him. The family returns to the U.S. where Jordan returns to school, more secure and confident, with a new fashion sense and worshiped by Tiffany and Ashley and dates Goran, who transferred to the school. David has also begun dating again having made sure that he has seen his latest date in the day. Unbeknownst to the Sands family, Paulina was not killed, but severely injured and in a body-cast, and moves in as the Sands' neighbor in the final scene. Before the credits roll, the characters of the film are seen doing a karaoke of the song "Baby One More Time."
235406	The film begins with construction completion of a water canal to the village, set in the present. Radha , as the 'mother' of the village, is asked to open the canal and remembers back to her past when she was newly married. The wedding between Radha and Shamu  was paid for by Radha's mother-in-law who raised a loan from the moneylender, Sukhilala. This event starts the spiral of poverty and hardship which Radha endures. The conditions of the loan are disputed, but the village elders decide in favour of the moneylender, after which Shamu and Radha are forced to pay three quarters of their crop as interest on the loan of 500 rupees. Whilst trying to bring more of their land into use to alleviate their poverty, Shamu's arms are crushed by a boulder. He is ashamed of his helplessness and is humiliated by others in the village; deciding that he is no use to his family, he leaves and does not return. Soon after, Radha's mother-in-law dies. Radha continues to work in the fields with her two sons and gives birth again. Sukhilala offers to help alleviate her poverty in return for Radha marrying him, but she refuses to "sell herself". A storm and a resultant flood sweeps through the village, destroys the harvest, and kills Radha's youngest child. Though at first the villagers begin to migrate, they decide to stay and rebuild on the urging of Radha. The film then skips forward several years to when Radha's two surviving children, Birju  and Ramu , are young men. Birju, embittered by the exactions of Sukhilala since he was a child, takes out his frustrations by pestering the village girls, especially Sukhilala's daughter. Ramu, by contrast, has a calmer temper and is married soon after. Though he becomes a father, his wife is soon absorbed into the cycle of poverty in the family. Birju's anger finally becomes dangerous and, after being provoked, attacks Sukhilala and his daughter, lashing out at his family. He is chased out of the village and becomes a bandit. On the day of the wedding of Sukhilala's daughter, Birju returns to take his revenge. He kills Sukhilala and takes his daughter. Radha, who had promised that Birju would not do harm, shoots Birju, who dies in her arms. The film ends in the present day with her opening of the canal and reddish water flowing into the fields.
7718873	Dr. Jennifer Allen  in Baltimore, Maryland wants to find a cure for a disease known as the Gillian virus, a disease similar yet more deadly than the West Nile virus. She and a colleague capture infected mosquitoes and give them small doses of radiation. She explains that the levels have to be exact because if the mosquitoes receive too much radiation, the results could be more devastating than the virus itself. A convict named Ray  joins Dr. Allen's program in exchange for his lifelong prison sentence. He takes a hostage and convinces Dr. Allen to open the door to the experiment room. The security guards open fire and cause an explosion that showers Ray and Dr. Allen with the chemicals and the genetically altered mosquitoes. Ray manages to flee the scene. He begins to transform into the titular monster, a deformed chimera of himself and a mosquito, yet he manages to find his way to his ex girlfriend's apartment, where the process continues. When the ex comes home, she finds it in ruins. She and Ray have a short, anxious conversation before Ray's transformation is complete and he kills her. Meanwhile Dr. Allen returns home with her boyfriend, Lt. Tom Randall . That evening, she notices her wrist is red and raw-looking. She thinks little of it, but next morning, it has spread to her entire arm. Later, while kissing Tom, she has a sudden craving for blood and bites him. He is called to Ray's girlfriend apartment and leaves. Dr. Allen rushes into the bathroom to find her arm bleeding. She convulses, falls to the floor and her skin starts to bubble. Tom arrives at the crime scene and is puzzled by the way Ray's girlfriend died. He is called to investigate another crime scene, where he encounters Mansquito. The monster seems unstoppable, until Tom shocks him with a stun gun, making him flee in pain. Tom's partner doesn't believe him at first but puts a bulletin out on the creature. At the research station, Dr. Allen discovers she is also changing into a human-mosquito hybrid, but more slowly as she received a smaller dose than Ray. Mansquito appears but doesn't try to kill her, and after she faints, the monster leaves. Tom takes her to the hospital. The doctor wants to give Dr. Allen a blood transfusion to slow down the transformation, but she replies that nothing can stop the mutation. She believes the monster sensed that she is turning into a creature like him and that once the transformation is complete, he will want to mate with her. Outside, a guard falls victim to the monster and Tom leaves to investigate. Mansquito undergoes another transformation, this time growing wings. Dr. Allen also undergoes another transformation and alerts the officers of Mansquito's arrival. They fail to stop him. The monster heads for Dr. Allen, but she manages to escape. Tom fires a rocket launcher at the oxygen tanks behind Mansquito and assumes the creature was killed by the explosion, but that is not the case. Meanwhile, back at the lab, Dr. Allen undergoes yet another transformation and releases the last batch of genetically altered mosquitoes, which have been perfected. Tom arrives and Dr. Allen tells him that Mansquito is still alive. She tries to commit suicide by stabbing herself with a syringe, because without a mate, Mansquito will die. The monster arrives and Tom fights him to no avail. Dr. Allen is seriously injured by Mansquito, who is now focused on killing her rather than mating with her. Tom uses the stun gun and once again, it works. Seeing this, Dr. Allen breaks an electrical line and electrocutes Mansquito and herself to death. Tom writes a report about the incident and the Gillian virus is wiped out by the altered mosquitoes.
142423	Pablo Neruda, the famous Chilean poet and communist, is exiled to a small island in Italy for political reasons. His wife accompanies him. On the island, local Mario Ruoppolo is dissatisfied with being a fisherman like his father. Mario looks for other work and is hired as a temporary postman with Neruda as his only customer. To get the job, he must declare himself a communist to keep the postmaster happy. He uses his bicycle to hand deliver Neruda's mail. Though poorly educated, the postman eventually befriends Neruda and becomes further influenced by Neruda's political views and poetry. Meanwhile, Mario falls in love with a beautiful young lady, Beatrice Russo, who works in her aunt's village cafe. He is shy with her, but he enlists Neruda's help. Mario constantly asks Neruda if particular metaphors he uses are suitable for his poems. Mario is able to better communicate with Beatrice and express his love through poetry. Despite the aunt's strong disapproval of Mario, because of his sensual poetry , Beatrice responds favorably. The two are married. The priest refuses to allow Mario to have Neruda as his best man, due to politics; however, this is soon resolved. This was because Di Cosimo was the politician in office in the area with the Christian Democrats. At the wedding, Neruda receives the welcome news that there is no longer a Chilean warrant for his arrest, so he returns to Chile. Mario writes a letter but never gets any reply. Several months later he receives a letter from Neruda. However to his dismay it is actually from his secretary, asking Mario to send Neruda's old belongings back to Chile. While there Mario comes upon an old phonograph and listens to the song he first heard when he met Neruda. Moved by this he makes recordings of all the beautiful sounds on the island onto a cassette including the heartbeat of his soon-to-be-born child. Several years later, Neruda finds Beatrice and her son, Pablito  in the same old inn. From her, he discovers that Mario had been killed before their son was born. Mario had been scheduled to recite a poem he had composed at a large communist gathering in Naples; the demonstration was violently broken up by the police. She gives Neruda recordings of village sounds that Mario had made for him.
29551629	Contemporary New Orleans jazz musicians discuss their childhood introductions to music in Baptist churches and through local traditions like second line and Jazz Funerals, and the role of Danny Barker in keeping traditional New Orleans Jazz alive through the 70’s and 80’s. Asking the artists point blank, director Darren Hoffman explores the potential “death” of traditional jazz through modernization and marginalization and its preservation through mentorship and the continuation of traditions that intrigue and inspire young people to play the music of previous generations.
5107196	A murder mystery weekend. It's the perfect time for the perfect crime. At a secluded estate, a group of college friends are getting together for a weekend of fun and games. Killer, victim, or innocent bystander, they all have their part to play. But when the blood turns out to be real and people start disappearing, everyone quickly realizes that the only way out of this killer game is to be the last one left alive.
30476388	Two families looking to escape painful holiday memories take a vacation to an exotic Caribbean island over Christmas. A widowed mother, Dana , and her two sons, Chris  and Michael  meet a divorced father, Dan ([[Colin Ferguson , and his two daughters, Blair  and Nell  when their cruise ship docks in Puerto Rico. Despite a rough start, the parents and kids begin to develop bonds over the course of their stay at a beautiful Puerto Rican beach resort. It looks like an idyllic Brady Bunch holiday for the two families as Dana and Dan try to put their personal tragedies behind them and begin to grow closer, until an unexpected visitor from the past appears and threatens their tentative romance. What promised to be a joyous Christmas filled with fresh hope and new relationships turns complicated as each member of the two families must sort out their feelings and choose their own path.{{cite web}}
30005855	Love  is a prostitute looking to get out of the business, but unfortunately her last gig is for three psychotic cultists who've just escaped from a mental hospital and are trawling for victims. Director Sean Cain  pulls out all the stops in this macabre, character-driven nightmare, a gore-filled love letter to midnight movie fans everywhere.
6747334	Hoping to improve his financial lot, petty thief Hawk Chovinski hires a dancing instructor to teach him how to bear himself like a gentleman. His lessons completed, Hawk then poses as a European nobleman, intending to trap a wealthy wife. Yolande Cowles sees through Hawk's pose but falls in love with him anyway.
2209027	Betty  and Zorg  are passionate lovers who live in a shack on the beach. He works as a handyman who does odd jobs to pay the bills. As the film begins, they have only been dating for a week and are in a very passionate stage of their relationship, portrayed in a graphic sex scene. Zorg narrates the story of their relationship via voiceover. He describes Betty as “like a flower with translucent antennae and a mauve plastic heart”. She yearns for a better life and quit her last job as a waitress because she was being sexually harassed by her boss. Zorg's boss asks him to paint the 500 shacks that populate the beach—a fact that he keeps from Betty who thinks they only have to do one. She takes on the project with enthusiasm that quickly turns to anger once she learns the actual number. In response, Betty covers the boss’s car with pink paint. During a nasty fight, Betty accidentally discovers a series of notebooks that contain a novel Zorg wrote years ago. Upon reading his novel, she realizes his true worth as an intelligent writer and tries to convince Zorg of it too. She is appalled at the menial work Zorg is subjected to and the non-chalant attitude he has toward his situation. Zorg, tries to write again, but cannot become inspired. The boss demands that Betty leaves after Zorg is late again to work again because of his relationship with Betty. Enraged by this, she trashes their shack again. Unbeknownst to Zorg while he is painting, Betty packs their things. When he is finished and comes back to his shack, Betty burns it and coerces Zorg to hitchhike with her to live with her best friend in the city. Betty and Zorg move in to Betty's friend's place and Zorg does handywork in lieu of rent. The couple's intimate life doesn't skip a beat. Fueled by her passionate love for Zorg, she takes it upon herself to type up Zorg's novel and try to get it published. Zorg again tries to rekindle his imagination and start writing again, but fails to do so. Worse, Zorg receives rejection letters for his novel. Fearing that they might ignite Betty's anger, he hides them. Soon, Betty and Zorg find work at Betty's friend's boyfriend's restaurant. All is well until Betty mistakes an order and the customer lashes out at her. The fighting escalates to Betty's rage erupting by stabbing the customer in the arm with a fork. Emotionally overwhelmed, Zorg seizes Betty and the scene ends with her crying against the wall in his arms. When Betty discovers the rejection letters, under the guise of a doctors appointment, she takes Zorg to one of the publisher's house where she assaults him and is again seized by Zorg. Betty's friend's boyfriend's mother dies, and Zorg, Betty, and her friend accompany her friend's boyfriend to the funeral. Her friend's boyfriend comes into ownership of his mother's piano store and house above it, and offers Betty and Zorg to run the store for him and live there in return. They accept and get the place to themselves. Zorg continues as a handyman around his new neighborhood for money and befriends a local store owner, Bob. While working one day, he comes across a white stray cat and takes it in. One day while Betty and Zorg are in bed, Zorg stumbles upon medication Betty is taking. Betty shrugs it off as nothing. Zorg again, tries to start another book, but cannot find the inspiration. Everything is smooth for Zorg and Betty until Betty has one of her emotional spells and runs out the house in her under garments. She is chased by Zorg until she calms down. Despite being on birth control, a pregnancy test yields positive. Zorg and Betty are overjoyed by the finding. Zorg buys onesies for their prospective baby. Betty goes to the doctor to confirm her pregnancy. Zorg comes home one day to find a medical paper that reads negative for pregnancy. Betty is nowhere in sight, having gone into one of her bouts of emotional frenzy. Zorg comes home the next day to find Betty distraught both mentally and visibly. Frustrated and worried, he shows her that he loves her. Days go by with no sign of Betty getting better. Zorg comes home one day to find blood splattered everywhere and Bob cleaning it up. Bob explains that Betty has poked out her eye in one of her emotional tangents. Betty is sent to a mental hospital and has become unresponsive even to Zorg. He blames the doctor for the medication driving her off the edge and refuses the doctor's recommendation for shock therapy. His frustration with Betty's condition and the doctors cause him to assault the doctor and get kicked out of the hospital. He then gets news that someone wants to publish his book. He later returns incognito to visit Betty. She is totally unaware of the world around her. Still Zorg whispers into her ear his feelings and swears to tell their story. Zorg, out of love and pity, then takes her pillow and smothers her to death. He returns home and makes chili as he was doing the day Betty first came into his shack. The movie ends with him finally writing his next book and hearing the voice of Betty as he did when they were happy together and participating in the small talk they used to have. Betty's free spirited nature and devotion to Zorg develop into alarming obsession, aggression and destructiveness, and the film alternates between comic and tragic modes.
14746604	The Stooges run a tailor shop that is about to be repossessed by the Skin and Flint Finance Corporation. When the boys hear about a big reward for fugitive bank robber Terry "Slippery Fingers" Hargan , they think that catching him might end their financial woes. Hargan conveniently ducks into their shop and leaves a suit jacket with a safe combination in its pocket. After quietly sneaking back into the shop while the Stooges are elsewhere searching for clues, Hargan snatches a handful of suit jackets in hopes of retrieving the combination. He then later returns with his henchmen, and a wild mêlée follows. The Stooges end up getting the reward to pay off their debts and, with a stroke of luck, wind up with the crook's bankroll as well.
8191245	In this lurid melodrama Tod Slaughter plays a villain who murders the wealthy Sir Percival Glyde in the gold fields of Australia and assumes his identity in order to inherit his estate in England. On arriving in England he schemes to marry an heiress for her money and, with the connivance of the enigmatic Count Fosco, embarks on a killing spree of all who suspect him to be an imposter and get in the way of his plans to be the Lord the Manor.
20914710	In this sequel to the "Mighty Bra", Lena , Johnny  and Wayne  are tasked with developing the "Mighty B" line of baby products. Since the last successful development of the "Mighty Bra", Johnny  is now head of the department, he hires a neurotic secretary Sabrina . Lena and Wayne are planning their wedding, however, Wayne has "Baby-Phobia" which throws a wrench into their task of developing the premier "Mighty B" line of baby products. Lena hires child behavior expert Boey , to work with Wayne to overcome his phobia but things start to go awry when Wayne starts developing feelings for Boey.
27369092	Zandy Allan is a hard-working cattle rancher in a remote part of the American West who needs a hired hand more than he needs a wife. He sends away for a mail-order bride, a Swedish woman who lives near Minneapolis. Expecting a woman in her 20s, Zandy is surprised when Hannah Lund turns out to be 32. He is not interested in love, only in work, although this does not keep him from misbehaving around a local woman named Maria. Hannah is here, in his mind, strictly to help Zandy and his family run the ranch. Zandy is unaccustomed to the ways of the world and clearly a fish out of water during a visit to San Francisco. The more time he spends with Hannah, meanwhile, the less he comes to treat her as a mere possession that he has bought.
24268011	Phir Kabhi targets the heart of its audience. It is all about emotions. It is a sensitive tale of Love . There are many moments in the film where one may realize the meaning behind the saying, crying while laughing and laughing also while crying. How both the phenomena happen together can be witnessed via few moments of this film. Film rides over the successive sequences of light and sensitive scenes. At one moment something light, humorous and lively is happening on screen and a smile is flowing on the lips of the characters and audiences also and all of a sudden it’s followed by a very intense and sensitive sequence and not only characters pass through sad moments but audiences may also feel the impact of those onscreen happenings. Those who want to see one of the best performances of Mithun Chakraborty, may watch the film for that purpose. New actors may learn from his performance, how to cover a vast range of emotions while playing a character. Light and camera departments have performed very well. Sound  though hears loud at some places. Students of cinematography may watch the film for very good work performed by Nataraja Subramanian. Cinematography is fascinating. One very attractive scene, he has captured, is where Mithun and Tinnu Anand are shown standing at sea shore Film swings between present, memories of the past and dreams of future and editor, Mahesh Narayan, has driven the vehicle of this mixing in such a smooth manner that eyes and attention of an audience may not even realize that a gear has been changed. A kind of perfection is there. This is not just another love story of senior citizens. It has its own merits. Story may look familiar but expansion of the story through the events is interesting. A couple lives a married life together for 40–50 years and then one dies and leaves other to spend rest of the years of his/her life alone. One becomes habitual of other’s presence in every single minute of the life and all of a sudden that person is not here. Person has gone but other person’s dependency on him/her has not been vanished. How to handle this loneliness? “Death is quite an honest enemy, it does not accept friendship. It kills but it kills for once and all. Loneliness is a fastidious enemy. One extends the hands of friendship towards it and it becomes more strangely stern in attitude. It kills one all the time again and again. It kills at home, at market place and it does not spare one at temples also. At an old age it becomes difficult to fight with the loneliness. An old train moves slowly and it follows the discipline of go-stop-go. It stops at such stations also where if one looks outside the window then he finds silence all over. If he gets a signal to go ahead a person goes ahead. “ Mithun says abovementioned monologue before the mirror in his bedroom and film is based upon the meaning of this monologue. Mithun will simply move the audience in the scene where he gets up early in the morning and finds a cigarette kept by his wife, Rati Agnihotri, on the side table of his bed. He leaves the bed, picks up the cigarette and calls for his wife. He is very happy. He is overwhelmed by the loving care which his wife showers upon him. He wants to share this happiness with his wife. Everything is bringing a smile to the audience but after a few seconds only whole atmosphere is changed into a gloomy one and Mithun had to create two exactly opposite atmospheres and he does this job very effectively. A terrific performance he has given in these moments and throughout the film he remains the main source from whom this film gets its maximum strength. He has created many very good moments in the film. Another remarkable scene is where he is searching his watch and he forgets that Rati is dead now and cries upon realizing it. His grand daughter comes there and he conceals his tears from her. Another gem of a scene is where he tells Kitu Gidvani that he will not meet or write Dimple ever. Plot takes some inspiration from the mythological tale of Radha and Krishna. In short, Mithun’s first love is Dimple but situations separate them in school time only. Later he marries Rati and after her death only he again comes in contact with Dimple. Two old lovers, who are suffering from loneliness, try to search solace in each others company which is not initially acceptable to Mithun’s daughter in law. An entire new generation remains devoid of the pleasure of writing and reading the letters and this film at least shows the use of this old and now obsolete but very good communication method. Feelings may be conveyed by the email also but to read something in sender’s own hand writing certainly enhances the impact of the words. Words carry more emotions through hand written letters than email or printed greeting cards. Dimple Kapadia adequately supports the film. So do Gulshan Grover and Kittu Gidvani. Tinnu Anand, his Lambretta scooter and his self made CIA theory all the three things are among the other attractive features of the film. Rimoh Chakraborty, plays the younger version of Mithun’s character and he seems to inherit some good percentage of his father’s vast acting talent. He may carry Mithun Chakraborty’s flag ahead in the acting profession. The girl who has played the young version of Dimple Kapadia’s character, acted very well. Rati Agnihotri in a role consists of a few scenes only makes her presence noticeable. Film has got some very good and meaningful dialogues. Nishan pehchan to bata sakte hain, haalaat nahin. Naram panee ke neeche itane sakht patthar kaise ho sakte hain Ganga mere aur Laxmi ke saath hamesha rahee par hamre beech kabhin nahin rahee Tum hansaya na karo … tum dard chhipaya na karo Film gives a best possible and a very beautiful tribute to Dev/Vijay Anand’s classic film Guide’s song Aaj Phir jeene ki tamannna hai. And what the heck, only Shahrukh Khans are not eligible to ride on a train in a true filmi manner, an aged lover, played by Mithun Chakraborty like veteran actor, can also do it and he can even handle the emotional scenes followed by this bravery with far more effectiveness! Shantanu Moitra recycles old tunes to create almost all the songs here though it feels good to listen one of the songs in Bhupendra’s voice.
4154028	"The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar" Jessica Valdemar, an attractive middle-aged woman, rides in a taxi to the downtown Pittsburgh office of Steven Pike, her elderly husband’s lawyer with some paperwork for Mr. Pike approval. Pike sees that Jessica’s the 63-year-old husband named Ernest Valdemar, who is dying from an unnamed terminal illness, is liquidating a number of his assets for cash and suspects Jessica of having undue influence on him. Jessica denies the allegations that she’s any negative influence over her husband, while Pike makes a phone call to the house to talk with Ernest Valdemar, who speaks over the phone in a weak but coherent voice explaining about his decision to let Jessica take control of his money and assets from his personal signature on the written documents that she has. Pike reluctantly agrees to let Jessica have access to the money, but warns her that if anything were to happen to Mr. Valdemar within the next three weeks before the transfer of his estate over to Jessica is finalized, she will be investigated by the authorities. Jessica returns home to Ernest Valdemar’s large suburban mansion where she meets with Dr. Robert Hoffman where its revealed that he and Jessica have been conspiring to cheat the terminally ill Mr. Valdemar out of his estate by hypnotizing him and having him do what they wish from his deathbed. Jessica doesn’t like the procedure, but Robert wants it done because he used to have a romance with Jessica and wants to run off with her after they acquire his $3 million assets. The next day, Jessica goes to a bank where she withdraws $300,000 and stores it in a safe. Robert sees this. But then, Mr. Valdemar goes into cardiac arrest and dies while under another hypnosis spell. Not wanting to reveal his death just yet, Robert and Jessica carry his body to the basement where they hide it in a freezer. But during the night, Jessica becomes frightened when she hears moaning coming from the basement, but when she tries to wake up Robert, he has put himself under a hypnotic-induced slumber to help him sleep. The next morning, Jessica and Robert wake up and also hear the same noises coming from the basement. Upon checking the body, they hear Ernest Valdemar’s voice coming from the still body claiming that his soul is alive and trapped in a dark void between the living and the dead while under hypnosis. Valdemar tells them that he sees "others" in the dark void looking at him. While Jessica goes out to make sense of this situation, she returns to find Robert talking to Mr. Valdemar’s undead corpse who tells him that the "others" are vengeful spirits trapped in a realm and want to use him to enter our world. Valdemar tells Robert to wake him up and free him from his hypnotic state. In a panic, Jessica shoots Valdemar’s corpse and wants to bury the body and skip town with the money they have. While Robert heads outside to dig a hole to bury the body, Jessica goes back into the cellar only to find Valdemar’s body rising up out of the freezer and walking towards her saying that he is under control of "the others" to use him. Jessica shoots him, but he keeps on coming. Robert enters the house when he hears the gunshots and sees Jessica and Valdemar struggling on the balcony where the undead walking cadaver shoots Jessica in the head and she falls off the balcony, dead. Robert finally tells Valdemar that he’s going to wake him and free him from his hypnosis. But after doing so by counting to five, Valdemar tells Robert that it's too late to wake him for without his body as a conduit, the Others cannot return to their realm. "They're with you now!" exclaims Valdemar, who finally falls dead. Robert then steals all the cash that Jessica had stored in the safe and flees the house. Robert goes back to his apartment in downtown Pittsburgh, where he puts himself under a hypnotic sleep. But then, the ghostly "Others" enter his apartment and kill him by shoving the hypnotic digital counter into his chest. The ghosts then form themselves into one large mass-like mist and enter Robert's dead body. Several days later, the police led by Detective Grogan arrive at Robert’s apartment to answer complaints about a "strange smell" and constant moaning coming from the apartment. Grogan finds the apartment ransacked and the stolen cash scattered everywhere. But just then, the horribly decomposed body of Robert, under the control of the Others, appears and attacks Grogan, telling him that there is nobody to wake him up. "The Black Cat" Rod Usher makes his entrance in a building decorated with the abject remains of dismantled corpses. A naked woman lies bound to a table, sliced in two by a huge pendulum-like blade. Rod is a professional crime scene photographer for as he puts it: "still life’s my art," a talent which ensures that he is frequently called upon the local authorities -led by Detective LeGrand- to document the horrors of the baroque crime scenes which are apparently commonplace in Pittsburgh where Rod lives. After arriving home at a semi-fancy row house, Rod works in his darkroom in the basement developing the photos when his work is interrupted by the appearance of a mysterious black cat, which has apparently been adopted by his live-in girlfriend Annabel. Rod and Annabel’s relationship is uncomfortably distant. Annabel is delicate, sensitive, and somewhat ethereal, while Rod is a rough, burly, brutish man who seem more at home with the gritty hyper-reality of crime scenes that he is with Annabel’s talk of witches and superstition. Annabel, in contrast to Rod, is a professional violinist who gives private lessons to local high school students who show up at the house after their school classes, and she even takes some of them on excursions to local opera houses to watch the arts of life. Over the next several days, a strong antipathy grows between Rod and the mysterious cat, a situation worsened by Annabel’s excessive protection of it. Driven to distraction by the cat’s apparent hatred of him, Rod eventually strangles it during a photo shoot he has set up with the cat being the center of attention. Rod then uses the photos of him strangling the cat to post on the cover of his newest photography book, titled Metropolitan Horrors, a lurid collection of his most revolting pictures. As Annabel begins to guess the truth about what has happened to her pet, the couple embarks on a series of violent arguments, one of which ends with Rod falling into an alcohol-induced sleep where he has a nightmare about participating in a Medieval Pagan festival where he is executed for the murder of the cat. One day, when Annabel finally spots his book in a shop window, with the strangled body of her much-loved cat on the front cover, she immediately goes home and makes plans to leave Rod, who at that very moment is in a local bar drinking heavily. Rod becomes unnerved when the barmaid Eleanora gives him a stray black cat, which is identical to Annabel’s own cat. Rod notices that the inky feline has an identical white marking on its chest . Rod brings the cat home and sets about to kill the feline once and for all. But Annabel intervenes and comes to the cat's rescue, causing a confrontation which ends in her gruesome and gory death when Rod hacks her to death with a meat cleaver. After shaking off his suspicious next door neighbor and landlord, Mr. Pym, who arrives after hearing the argument, Rod assures him that nothing is wrong. Confident that he can escape detection, Rod conceals the body behind a wall in the house and invents a story to explain Annabel’s disappearance to her music students, Betty and Christian, when they show up the next day for their violin lessons. But after a confrontation with Christian, who expresses doubt and suspicion to Rod about his story of Annabel leaving him, he confides in Mr. and Mrs. Pym about his suspicions that Rod might have killed Annabel. When Annabel’s friend in New York keeps phoning the house to ask of her whereabouts, Rod becomes increasingly trapped by his own increasing elaborate web of lies. The situation is exacerbated by yet another appearance of the black cat. But this time, Rod ensures its death by slicing it in two with a saw, and disposes of it in a garbage dump. The next day, Detective LeGrand arrives with his partner to question Rod about Annabel’s whereabouts. Despite their stern questioning, Rod is not fazed by their questions. After looking around the house, the detectives leave, but immediately come back when an eerie, distorted mewing sound is heard echoing though one of the walls. Rod is handcuffed and the fake wall of that he put up is torn down and his crime scene is finally revealed. It reveals that the ever troublesome feline had given birth in Annabel’s tomb and its offspring are now feasting on the remains of their mistress. Not to be outdone, Rod grabs the pickaxe from LeGrand's partner and in seconds kills both policemen. But handcuffed and in a panic, Rod tries to make his escape when his neighbors show up after nearing the commotion, pounding on the front door. Rod attempts to flee from his house by climbing out a second floor window by using a rope to tie around a tree in his backyard. But his plan fails when he gets tangled in the rope and slips, the rope tightening around his neck and killing him. The black cat makes a final appearance and stares at the fate Rod had coming for him.
770277	At the outset of the film, Camille, a young girl from the Nguyen Dynasty , is adopted by Éliane Devries after her parents die in a plane crash at the end of the 1910s. Madame Devries owns and operates a large rubber plantation in Indochina that employs many indentured laborers. Unmarried, she raises Camille as her own daughter. Madame Devries meets and has a fleeting affair with a younger man, Jean-Baptiste Le Guen, a lieutenant in the French Navy. When Camille is sixteen, a French police officer shoots a Vietnamese prisoner who is escaping through the city streets. Camille and her classmates had been walking nearby, and just as the prisoner is about to be shot he runs past Camille. The prisoner then falls dead onto Camille, knocking her unconscious and covering her with his blood. Jean-Baptiste finds Camille, brings her to safety, and cleans off the blood&mdash;cutting off her dress in the process and exposing her bosom. Camille awakens in Jean-Baptiste's arms and immediately falls in love with him. Apparently through her connections with high-ranking officials in the navy, Madame Devries has Jean-Baptiste transferred to Haiphong to protect Camille from being hurt. Jean-Baptiste confronts Madame Devries about this at a Christmas party celebration at her place, and a loud spat ensues. As a result of his misbehavior, instead of being transferred to Haiphong, Jean-Baptiste is sent to a remote French military base in the north of Vietnam, on the notorious Dragon Island. Against her better judgment, Madame Devries allows Camille to become engaged to Tanh, a young man who has studied in France and supports the Communists  in 1930. The marriage is arranged by Tanh's wealthy, merchant mother. The day after the engagement, Tanh allows Camille to leave and look for Jean-Baptiste up north. Camille travels with a Vietnamese family, and reaches Dragon Island. On the island is a market where plantation owners from the South procure indentured servants. The family with whom Camille was traveling wishes to find work in this manner, but they are killed by a French naval officer. When Jean-Baptiste arrives on the scene and demands that the officer tell him what happened, the officer says that the family refused to be split up, and started inciting a riot by yelling communist slogans. Jean-Baptiste sees Camille among the laborers and starts to lead her away. However, upon seeing her traveling companions dead, Camille attacks the French officer and then shoots him with his own gun. Camille and Jean-Baptiste escape from the island and sail away through the Gulf of Tonkin for many days without food or water. Eventually, they come ashore and are rescued by a Communist theater troupe. The troupe takes them to a hidden valley where they are hidden in a large complex of buildings. Eventually, they must leave the valley because the Communists have other, more important people to hide. Tanh, now a high-ranking Communist operative, arranges for the theater troupe to smuggle the lovers into China. Guy, the leader of the French police in the South&mdash;a friend and former suitor of Madame Devries&mdash;attempts to use operatives to put down the insurrection. Guy arranges for French agents to look for Camille and Jean-Baptiste in the North. They look up and down the Gulf of Tonkin but with no success. Eventually, Guy realizes that traveling theater troupes may be behind many near-simultaneous insurrections in the north. He orders all theater troupes traveling in certain northern routes to be arrested. One morning, when they are just a few hours from the Chinese border, Jean-Baptiste takes his and Camille's newborn son Étienne to baptize him in a river while Camille is sleeping. Jean-Baptiste and Etienne are captured by the French; Camille is forced to abandon Étienne and Jean-Baptiste, and escape with the theater troupe. French authorities give Étienne to Madame Devries. Jean-Baptiste spends time in prison and does not speak with anyone. Eventually, however, he agrees to talk if he can first see his son. The Navy, which plans to try Jean-Baptiste in France to avoid a trial in Indochina  allows Jean-Baptiste 24 hours to see Étienne and settle his affairs before leaving for France. Jean-Baptiste goes to see Madame Devries. She allows him to care for Étienne for one night at her other house, in Saigon. The next day, when Madame Devries arrives at the house to pick up Étienne, she discovers Jean-Baptiste lying in bed, shot dead in the temple, gun in hand. Étienne is safe in the bed next to him. Madame Devries is outraged. She tells Guy that she suspects the police. However, Guy's girlfriend tells Madame Devries that the Communists probably killed Jean-Baptiste, to keep him quiet. The killing is eventually ruled a suicide. Camille is captured and sent to prison. Neither Guy nor Madame Devries can see Camille. Madame Devries lobbies government officials for Camille's freedom, to no avail. After five years, the Popular Front comes to power and releases all political prisoners, including Camille. Madame Devries goes to the prison to take Camille home. However, rather than return home to her mother and son, Camille resolves to join the Communists to fight for her country's independence. She does not wish for her son to know the horror she has witnessed. Madame Devries sells her plantation to Tanh's mother. Madame Devries and Étienne return to France. Years later, Madame Devries tells Étienne the story of his mother. Madame Devries takes Étienne to Geneva, where his mother Camille apparently is a communist  delegate to the Geneva Conference. Étienne goes to the hotel where Camille is staying, but he cannot bring himself to go to see her. He waits for her in the lobby, but she does not come. He recounts this to Madame Devries and tells her that she is his mother. The next day, French Indochina becomes independent from France. Vietnam is partitioned into North and South Vietnam.
18133264	Joe Johnson is a young college student in desperate need of a room to rent. Due to initially ambiguous reasons, he cannot return to the city that he has come from, and, having spent the previous month draining his savings in a hotel room, he is prepared to settle for any living arrangement, regardless of the conditions. He ultimately rents a room from a fellow college student named Tom, in spite of the latter's warnings that he is exclusively seeking to rent the room to a dedicated Christian. Given that Joe is only a lukewarm Christian at best, his lax attitude towards the faith causes tensions between him and his new roommate, culminating in a life-changing confrontation.
25588342	Con-artist Marcus Pendleton has just been released from prison for embezzlement. He has emerged into a world increasingly reliant on computers. He convinces computer programmer Caesar Smith to follow his lifelong dream of hunting moths in the Amazon Rainforest. Assuming Caesar's identity, he gains employment; however, he uses the computer systems to send claim cheques to himself under various aliases and addresses all over Europe. He meets and marries Patty, an inept secretary and frustrated flautist. As Caesar, he now has the problem of hiding his hot money.
22479768	Pike , the right-hand man of cattle rancher Bob Morgan , is entrusted with a mission to deliver $86,000 across the border to the Morgan Ranch in Sonora, Mexico after his boss dies. Pike teams up with dishonest gambler Tyree  and are forced to trust each other while being pursued by various outlaws and gunmen trying to possess the money, including the ruthless bounty hunter Kiefer  and corrupt sheriff Kane ([[Barry Sullivan . Along the way the duo comes across a prostitute  in need of rescuing and Kashtok , a mute Indian scout skilled in martial arts who help them on their journey. After numerous gun battles and chase sequences, Pike and Tyree reach the end of the line at an abandoned mine, where they duke it out over the money, yet finally settle and work together after getting word of the approaching gunmen. They devise a plan to escape by using explosives to blow up the mine shaft behind them, killing all their pursuers except for Kiefer, who decides to forgo his bounty and let the men continue their quest to reach the ranch.
6002183	In the Jungle of Nool, a tiny dust speck is pushed off a flower. Meanwhile, a caring, imaginative elephant named Horton , the jungle's nature teacher, takes a dip in the pool. The dust speck floats past him in the air, and he hears a tiny yelp coming from it. Believing that an entire family of microscopic creatures are living on that speck, he places it atop a clover. Horton finds out the speck harbors the city of Whoville and its inhabitants, led by Mayor Ned McDodd . He has a wife, Sally , 96 daughters , and one teenage son named JoJo . Despite being the oldest and next in line for the mayoral position, JoJo doesn't want to be mayor, and he's so scared of disappointing his father, he rarely ever speaks. The Mayor finds out from Dr. LaRue  that Whoville will be destroyed if Horton does not find a "safer, more stable home." Horton resolves to place the speck atop Mt. Nool, the safest place in the jungle. A kangaroo named Jane , not believing Horton's beliefs, tries to get Horton to give up the speck, but Horton refuses. Also taking force toward Horton are the Wickersham Brothers, a group of bullying monkeys who love making misery. Jane eventually enlists a vulture named Vlad Vladikoff  to get rid of the speck by force. Vlad manages to steal the clover from Horton and drops it into a field of nearly identical clovers. After picking nearly 3,000,000 clovers, Horton eventually recovers the clover. Jane finds out that Horton still has the speck, and decides to rally the jungle community into confronting Horton by telling lies that Horton's goal will lead to anarchy. Jane offers Horton to give up the speck. When Horton refuses, she orders the animals to rope and cage him and issue Whoville's destruction via a pot of boiling beezelnut oil as punishment for "making up stories about people on specks". The Mayor enlists all of his people to make noise by shouting "We are here", as well as playing a variety of instruments, so the animals may hear them. Jane takes the clover and drops it into the boiling oil. At the last minute, JoJo grabs the horn used to project Horton's voice, runs up the highest tower, and yells "NOOO!", breaking through the sound barrier just before the speck hits the oil. Jane's son, Rudy  grabs the clover and returns it to Horton, refusing his mother's orders to return to her pouch. The animals realize that Horton was right and, thinking that she was trying to crush Horton's spirit and build her own reputation in the jungle, shun her for tricking them. While being praised for his integrity by his neighbors, Horton forgives Jane, and she accepts his friendship, finally believing that there are people on the speck. Here, the people of Whoville and the animals of Nool gather in song and recite the chorus from "Can't Fight This Feeling". The film ends with the narrator revealing that the Jungle of Nool, or rather Earth, is just one speck, among numerous others, floating in the universe.
6540216	The film stars Laurence Fishburne as aging ex-con Socrates Fortlow, who after a long incarceration, is trying hard to make a new life and to accept the regrets of his past.
31509403	Girl Katka  is frustrated and restless. She escapes from home and finds herself in the orphanage. Seven orphan boys hide her and call her "Princess". But Katka is soon uncovered and her frantic mother is on the way.
225473	Peacetime sailor John J. Baggs is unable to get paid or receive new orders because somehow the U.S. Navy has lost his file. He is able to come and go from the base until curfew. One night in a bar, he spots an attractive woman hustling guys at a pool table. He challenges her himself and develops an interest in the woman, Maggie, who turns out to be a prostitute living in a tenement with a young black son, Doug. Baggs begins spending time with Maggie at the apartment, where Doug is often left to fend for himself. His attempts at creating a normal life for her succeed for a while, but Maggie cannot change the way she is. Doug, suspicious and cynical at first, bonds with Baggs, who devotes his free time to the kid and even gets his teeth fixed. But both know that soon Baggs will be reassigned and gone for good. The Navy's mix-up continues to baffle Baggs until one day a veteran sailor named Forshay not only finds the file, but volunteers to change places with Baggs and ship out under a false name. Baggs and Doug may not have Maggie around any more, but they've got each other.
32995532	A convict, Dan Farrel , escapes from Van Dieman's Land and throws himself on a mercy of a farming couple, Mary  and Donald Cameron . The years pass and Dan becomes a school teacher. He marries and they have a daughter, Dierdre , but his wife dies. Dierdre grows up and agrees to marry a local pub keeper, McNab , to stop him revealing that Dan is a convict. McNab still goes to the police and Dan is arrested. Dierdre accidentally kills McNab.
36566804	Kang-do is a heartless man who has no living family members and whose job is to threaten debtors to repay his clients. One day he receives a visit from a strange, middle-aged woman claiming she is his long-lost mother.{{cite web}}
24073089	Folks! tells the story of Jon Aldrich , a successful stockbroker who is living the good life with a wife and kids until his aging father with dementia accidentally burns down his own house. Jon tries to get his sister, Arlene Aldrich  who has two sons of her own but is an irresponsible gold digger, but she won't even open the door. As a result his father Harry Aldrich/Pop  and his mother Mildred Alrdich  have to move in with him and his family. That is the moment that his good life starts going down hill. The company he works for was apparently doing illegal things which Jon knew nothing of, but no one believes him therefore he loses his job. The problems for Jon continue to mount up as the family becomes broke, his wife Audrey  thinks moves out with the kids, and they lose all their furniture and belongs except their apartment. Harry continues to unintentionally injure Jon, causing him hearing lost, a broken hand, a car runs over his foot, and he manages to lose a testicle. Jon slowly starts to lose his own sanity, but in a brief moment of his own sanity Harry tells Jon that he never wanted to be a burden on him but he soon slips back into his state of dementia, where he is just happy all the time and often yells out "McDonalds". Jon talks with his mother who also says that she and his father never wanted to be a burden on him. She then tells him that she and his father have discussed it, and they want Jon to help them die so he can collect the insurance money. Jon is totally against this at first but after a while he changes his tune. Jon helps his parents try to commit suicide many unsuccessful times and half way through the attempts Jon's sister Arlene shows up on his doorsteps with both of her corpulent sons in need of a place to live. Jon refuses at first due to the fact that she would not even open the door for them but he eventually caves in and lets them stay. Arlene also joins in on the attempts to help their parents die, hoping for a cut of the insurance money. Though her attempts are also unsuccessful. Things slowly start looking up for Jon as Audrey eventually shows up home to tell John she was wrong for leaving and how much she loves the fact that he was willing to take in both of his parents. Upon her arrival she realizes all all the injuries Jon has suffered since she saw him last, including the missing testicle. As they are reconciling Jon realizes that Arlene and his parents are gone and he knows they are going to try to commit suicide again with the help of his sister, so he tracks them down in an attempt to stop them which he successfully does, but not without facing a bit more injury. Alrdich eventually get their lives on track. Jon and Audrey buy a house and Jon's parents live with them. Arlene is now with a man who knows how to handle her bad behaving children. At the end we finally find out that Harry hasn't been yelling McDonalds because he was hungry, he was yelling it because he bought stock in McDonnell Douglas years and years ago, meaning he is worth tons of money.
30405742	Computer experts around the world strive towards the development of intelligent robots. Pioneers like Raymond Kurzweil and Hiroshi Ishiguro dream of fashioning intelligent machines that will equal their human creators. In this potential reality, man and machine merge as a single unity. Rejecting evolution's biological shackles tantalisingly dangles the promise of eternal life for those bold enough to seize it. But others, like Joseph Weizenbaum, counter attack against society's limitless faith in the redemptive powers of technology. Eloquent and tactful, he questions the prevailing discourses on new technologies, and their ethical relationships to human life. The film delves into a world where computer technology, robotics, biology, neuroscience, and developmental psychology merge and features the world’s leading roboticists in their laboratories in Japan, the USA, Italy and Germany.
23991052	Homicide detective Nate Burns  once lived a tough life in Baltimore, but decides to move to a small Alaskan town, after being offered the position of chief of police. Burns leaves Baltimore just a few weeks after his partner is shot and killed, feeling partially responsible for what has happened. Nate finds himself not very welcome by the town's residents, but takes an immediate interest in Meg Galligan . Meg is a young pilot, whose father left and disappeared in 1994; leaving her mother Charlene , who Meg constantly argues with, to single-handedly take care of her. Soon, Nate helps in the search and rescue of two lost mountain climbers, and asks for Meg's help in getting there. Upon their rescue, Nate also locates a frozen corpse, who turns out to be Meg's father. It's clear that he was murdered, as the axe used to kill him is still embedded in his body. Meg has trouble mourning for her father, because she has always been mad at him for abandoning his family. Meg suggests that Nate begin to investigate, but he is reluctant to do so, explaining that he moved from Baltimore to avoid murder cases. After giving in, Nate starts collecting information, and soon finds that nobody in town liked the man, and that he had affairs with several of the townswomen. Soon, Max, one of the locals, seemingly commits suicide. Nate believes that Max had something to do with Meg's father's death. This upsets Meg, as Max was a well-liked man in town. Eventually they find Max's journal, in which he admits to the murder. Nate however, doesn't believe he was the sole murderer, and refuses to believe that he committed suicide. With the help of Meg, Nate continues the investigation. As they take their relationship to a new level, he finds out that they are being followed. Fearing for their own lives, Nate starts questioning everyone in town. Nate proposes to Meg, and soon after getting engaged, Nate is fired, because the locals have been complaining that all the trouble started after he arrived. Nate briefly considers returning to Baltimore, until he learns that an earring was found next to the body. As the police arrive to arrest the murderer, he takes a woman hostage and shoots Meg in the arm. He is arrested after Nate shoots him. In the final credits, the location of filming is stated to be Alberta, but in fact it was filmed in Dawson City in Yukon Territory, the town where the Yukon and Klondike Rivers meet.
6084851	The gendarme Cruchot meets Josepha, a widow. He quickly falls in love with her. But Cruchot's daughter isn't really happy with that, and will do anything to prevent the wedding.
2322506	The film depicts a future in which human beings, known as "Oms" , are creatures on the Draags' home planet, where they are seen as pests and sometimes kept as pets . The Draags are an alien species which is humanoid in shape but a hundred times larger than humans, with blue skin, fan-like earlobes and huge, protruding red eyes. The Draags also live much longer than human beings – one Draag week equals a human year. Some Oms are domesticated as pets, but others run wild, and are periodically exterminated. The Draags' treatment of the Oms is ironically contrasted with their high level of technological and spiritual development. The story opens with a woman running, occasionally looking behind her as if pursued. An enormous hand descends and blocks her way. She runs back the way she came and finds her way blocked by another hand. It becomes apparent that she is being toyed with by entities that do not appreciate her fragility, and as she dies, the infant she has been carrying and attempting to protect begins to cry. The view changes to reveal the Draag children who have accidentally killed the woman; they leave quickly when an adult Draag and child approach. The child voices concern for the orphaned infant, and the two take the child to their home. Tiva  names the infant Terr . Her father, whom the adult Terr voice-over explains is master Sinh, the Draag great Aedile, attaches a collar capable of physically dragging Terr back from mischief, and over the next several scenes, their relationships develop. Terr witnesses the parents seemingly ingesting food by inhaling it from a device. After changing Terr's costume as one would a doll's, Tiva uses makeup to give herself a more Om-like appearance. When Terr impishly trades dark pigment for light, Tiva blows some of the powder on him. Tiva uses a tiny indoor weather-maker to cause a small storm cloud to form over Terr and chase him around the dwelling. Tiva takes Terr for a walk, and then teaches him how, under certain circumstances, crystals will form on stationary objects, including standing bipeds. She also teaches him that whistling will shatter the crystals. Terr happens upon master Sinh as he and several compatriots are melding in a ritual, and it is revealed that many Draag children have Oms like Terr when they convene to watch their respective Oms interact. Tiva's education is supplied by the use of a headset that transmits knowledge directly into the brain of the user. Because she enjoys having Terr in her hand when she is having her "infos," Terr begins to acquire their knowledge. Meanwhile, at the seat of government, Draag Councilors discuss whether the regular extermination of the wild Oms is sufficient to keep their numbers at an acceptable level. It is revealed that Oms were first found on a planet that retained some evidence of structured life, but the images seem to reveal that Earth was in a post-apocalyptic state at the time. Terr decides to escape, and to take the headset with him. He does not get very far before Tiva realizes he is missing, and her mother tells her to use her bracelet to bring him back. Terr finds himself suddenly being dragged backward by the collar. Only the headset becoming entangled in plants allows a wild female Om to come to his rescue before he is choked by the collar or dragged all the way back. When Terr explains that the headset contains the knowledge of the Draags but he doesn't know where to go with it, his unnamed rescuer takes him to her tribe, who live in a tree in a walled park. When it is demonstrated that Terr can read Draag script, the leader  is willing to accept Terr into the tribe, but the Wizard is not, and demands a trial by combat – to the death. Terr and the Wizard's champion have child-sized animals bound to their torsos in such a way as to prevent the combatants from using anything but the beaks of said animals to attack. Terr is injured, but wins the trial. Over the next several scenes, it is shown how the Oms have adapted to life on the Draags' planet. Snail-like animals weave clothes onto the Oms, predators that would eat Oms are in turn hunted and efficiently stripped of useful materials, and the gene pool is kept well-mixed. Oms even make the occasional foray into Draag areas in search of resources. Returning from one such expedition, the group of adventurers is accosted by bandits who drop clawlike harpoons into the cargo and simply lift it up into their own tree. Mighty One tells Terr that they live on the other side of the park, and cautions him that they are evil. When the now-literate Oms read the new sign on one of the walls, they realize the park is about to be "de-Omised." Terr decides that he must take this information to the tribe of bandits, and is quickly captured and taken before their leader, a wizened old woman. The woman is skeptical of his claims and orders Terr's imprisonment. When the de-Omising begins, however, the old woman returns and frees him. The de-Omising is accomplished using disks that release a poison gas. A great many Oms perish from this gas, but a sizable number still manage to escape through a crack in the park wall. Two passing Draags witness the exodus, and one begins crushing the Oms underfoot. The Oms retaliate and manage to kill their attacker while the other escapes. Afterward, Mighty one is revealed to be killed and the old woman leads the survivors to a place where she believes they will be safe. The death of a Draag puts the Council in an uproar. De-Omising is stepped up to a much higher priority, new technologies are developed, and extermination frequency is scheduled to greatly increase. The old woman has led the two now-united tribes to an old rocket depot. Applying their newfound knowledge, the Oms, under Terr's direction, very quickly adapt the abandoned technologies to their own purposes and begin to flourish, thanks to the rebirth of mechanized industry. On a visit to the old woman, Terr's wife hears her express both optimism and regret that she will not live to see the Oms finally find peace. Fatalities resulting from Draag attempts to de-Om the rocket depot are minimized by the creation and organized use of shelters, but the Draags' updated de-Omising technologies become ever more aggressive, and when an automated scout detects the persistent Om settlement, it summons an array of lethal devices. As the attacks become more diverse and effective, the Oms launch their manned rockets toward the Fantastic Planet, where they discover headless humanoid statues. As Draag meditation bubbles descend to alight atop the statues, the statues begin to dance. It is revealed via Terr's voiceover that this is the secret of the Fantastic Planet. Draag meditation animates the statues and allows the Draag to reproduce. When the feet of the dancing statues threaten the rockets, the Oms use energy weapons to shatter the statues, effectively killing thousands of meditative Draag. Pandemonium reigns in the Council chamber, for it seems the two species will destroy one another if they cannot find a way to live together. Apparently they do just that, for in the very next scene, an Om steps down off an outstretched Draag hand, removes his silly hat and assumes a posture of confidence and self-assertion. The headset voice dispassionately recounts the Om's construction of a new satellite where Oms can live, "which they call Terr, after their ancestral planet."
13495023	Cheyenne Harry escapes from jail and lies low, working as a hired ranch hand. When he discovers a missing child in the wilderness, however, a complex plot of honor and secrecy unfolds.
1813912	The film's story revolves around the Paiute Indian outlaw Willie Boy ([[Robert Blake  who escapes with his lover, Lola  after killing her father in self defense. According to tribal custom Willie can then claim Lola as his wife. According to the law, Deputy Sheriff Cooper  is required to charge him with murder. Willie Boy and Lola are hunted for several days by a posse led by Cooper. Willie manages to repel the posse’s advance when he ambushes them from the top of Ruby Mountain. He only tries to shoot their horses, but ends up accidentally killing a bounty hunter, resulting in another murder charge. Days later, as the posse closes in, Lola dies by a gunshot wound to the chest. It is left deliberately ambiguous whether Lola shot herself in order to slow down the posse's advance or whether Willie killed her to keep her out of the posse's hands. Cooper is inclined to believe the latter and then goes off ahead of the posse to bring in Willie dead or alive. As soon as Cooper catches up, he comes under fire from Willie who is positioned at the top of Ruby Mountain. Cooper narrowly avoids being shot on several occasions. In the film's climax, Cooper maneuvers behind Willie, who has donned a ghost shirt, and tells him he can turn around if he wants to, which he does. The two pause before Willie raises his rifle at Cooper, who beats him to the draw and shoots him. Fatally struck in the chest, Willie tumbles down the hillside. Cooper picks up Willie’s gun and finds that it wasn't even loaded, making it apparent that Willie deliberately chose death over capture. Abashed, Cooper carries the slain outlaw the rest of the way down Ruby Mountain and delivers him to other Paiutes, who carry the corpse away and burn the remains. When confronted by the county sheriff, Cooper is told that the burning of Willie's body will ruin the people's chance to see Willie in the  flesh, denying them the ability "to see something". Cooper retorts: "Tell them we're all out of souvenirs."
23605990	--&#62;  *Peter Haber as Martin Beck *Mikael Persbrandt as Gunvald Larsson *Stina Rautelin as Lena Klingström *Per Morberg as Joakim Wersén *Rebecka Hemse as Inger  *Michael Nyqvist as John Banck *Anna Ulrica Ericsson as Yvonne Jäder *Peter Hüttner as Oljelund *Lennart Hjulström as Gavling *Lasse Lindroth as Peter
32558509	A missing person case involving a female university student and the victim in a hit and run case appears to be related. Detectives look for a witness. Into the police office walks Min Soo-Ah . She used to be a promising cadet at the police academy, but after a horrific car accident which killed her surrogate brother, Soo-Ah's police career ended. Min Soo-Ah also lost her eyesight in the car accident. Min Soo-Ah reveals to Detective Jo  at the police station that on the night of the hit and run case she was picked up by a taxi cab driver. Soo-Ah believes the taxi driver may be the perpetrator of the crimes. Initially, Detective Jo doesn't take Soo-Ah's claims seriously because she is blind, but when Soo-Ah displays her acute senses the detective starts to believe her. Detective Jo and Min Soo-Ah then work together to find the taxi cab driver, but all their leads turn up empty. Then another witness comes forward Kwon Ki-Sub . Kwon Ki-Sub is a motorcycle delivery boy who claims to have also witness the hit and run incident. Kwon Ki-Sub also emphatically states that the car in question was not a taxi cab, but rather an imported sedan. Meanwhile, Min Soo-Ah finds herself being stalked by a mysterious man. [Spoiler] It turns out that the gynecologist, Myung Jin  is the mysterious man stalking her as well as the killer. Min Soo-ah, while in the car with him, remembered that he had a strong scent/cologne, he had a watch on his right hand, and he gave her an iced coffee drink in a glass can. While in the car with him, they hit a bump while in an argument. The body of the dead university student rolls out of the trunk and Myung Jin gets out to examine it. When Min Soo-Ah goes out as well to inspect the damage done, he claims that he hit a dog, but she reasons with him, starting another fight. He leaves her in the rain when another car comes. The reason why she was in the car with him is because she needed a ride back from visiting the orphanage she used to grow up in. She had gotten angry and stormed out because her ex-guardian tried to give her two things-- tickets to her dead brother's dance group's upcoming dance showdown, and a device that vibrates when a person or moving object-- or any object-- came too close. It would help her with her disability, but Min Soo-ah strongly disapproved of it. One night when Ki-Sub is walking home alone, he is followed by Myung Jin. Ki-Sub at first runs away, but is snuck up on and hit by a brick. An ambulance comes and the Detective/Min Soo-ah drives to the scene. When the Detective finishes up his interviews with the people and follows the ambulance to the hospital, we realize that Myung Jin was in the background, watching Min Soo-Ah in the car. At the hospital, the doctor tells them that because Ki-Sub has such a thick skull, only a small fracture was shown in the X-Ray scan. They are relieved and visits him. Ki-Sub gets annoyed by Min Soo-ah's constant nagging, and on the day of his release, storms out in anger. When he reaches the nearly-empty subway station, he sees Min Soo-ah on the other side and then sees her ride the subway, as well as the killer. He calls her on her phone and tells her urgently that the killer is in front of her. As he runs to catch up with her, she goes on Facetime and shows him her location and surroundings. He guides her out of the subway and to safety, as well as her seeing-dog, Seul-Gi . However, at one point, she trips, but gets up and feels the ground and way out . However, at one point, the killer catches up with her and leads her away, with a knife to her body. She reaches into her handbag and sprays his eyes with her pepper spray and runs off with Seul-Gi. When she reaches the elevator, she thought that she'd be safe, but the killer quickly gets in. Ki-Sub, who still sees her surroundings by Facetime, gets scared when he sees blood splatter on the elevator's button and the fact that Min Soo-Ah fainted. However, what they didn't know at the time was that Seul-Gi shielded Min Soo-Ah from the knife and while she was getting stabbed, grabbed the killer by the jacket and led him out of the elevator. In that scene, Seul-Gi dies by being stabbed many times while watching her owner go up through the elevator. When Min Soo-Ah wakes up, she asks for her seeing dog, but the doctor handed her the blood-stained leash. At home, Min Soo-Ah listens to many video tapes of her past self, when she had just graduated from the police academy. She laid down and listened to her brother's voice, as well as the voice of the orphanage lady. Halfway through, she gets a call from an unknown number. There is a raspy voice. The caller warns her from this case. "You can't see me, but I'm watching you." A few days later, the Detective had narrowed down the number of licensed imported black Sedans and finally, in a garage, he finds the killer. They get into a violent fight, in which the detective dies and the killer drives off. Meanwhile, Ki-Sub and Min Soo-Ah visits the orphanage again when they're asked to watch over it while the grandmother takes the children out. Ki-Sub finds the dead brother's room and various pictures. Min Soo-Ah goes to the 'office' and finds a cabinet filled with her past memories as a cop, as well as the vibrating motion sensor. The killer enters into the living room and lights a cigarette and listens to some music. Min Soo-Ah, annoyed by the music, goes downstairs to turn it off. She reprimands Ki-Sub for playing it, but smells the cigarette. Ki-Sub goes upstairs and fights with Myung Jin while Min Soo-Ah runs away. After a few minutes of them playing Cat and Mouse, she lights him on fire and takes the vibrating motion sensor. She helps Ki-Sub outside, where it's raining. Ki-Sub fights the killer again and Min Soo-Ah goes to the car and breaks it with the motion sensor. The killer runs at her with a knife and with the right timing and the motion sensor, she hits him on the head, making him fall unconsious. The police, who had picked up the Detective's body, had found the evidence and eventually found out who the killer was. The killer was put in jail and Min Soo-Ah was re-admitted to the academy and graduated again. Ki-Sub also enrolled into the police academy. It ends with another video, similar to the video of her first graduation, except instead of her surrogate brother, it had Ki-Sub. While the credits roll, you see pictures of them respectfully visiting the Detective's funeral.
35030619	The movie starts with Neely, a shrimping boat's skipper, calling in to shore with news of a good catch. Subsequent conversations with Barb, his mate/deckhand and Cap, his boss on shore, reveals that this boat  has snagged and torn several nets recently due to something on the sea floor, despite the charts showing nothing in the area. Cap and Neely decide that despite the financial strain of losing their expensive nets, they can afford one more trip to investigate the source of the snags. Neely and Barb go to Duffy's restaurant where they meet Mom, Ryan and Baby. Neely asks to speak privately with Ryan and requests that Mom sing his favorite song. It is Baby's birthday, but she agrees to leave the table while Mom steps up to the stage and performs the film's title song, Carib Gold. During the song, Barb and Neely talk to Ryan about diving to the sea bed to look for the cause of the torn nets. He agrees, and they make arrangements to set out the following morning. Barb's wife Dottie sees them off at the dock, and he promises her they will be back soon. When they reach the area, the boat's crew assists Ryan into his Atmospheric diving suit. Ryan goes over the side while crewmen operate the manual hand pump, and Barb and Neely operate the communications unit. On reaching the bottom, Ryan heads south and quickly discovers what appears to be the wreckage of a boat. He brings up a coin and discusses his discovery of sunken treasure with Neely and Barb, mentioning that there is bullion as well. The three speculate that they have discovered a "Spanish plate ship." Back at Duffy's, the three discuss salvaging the ship with Cap and Mom. Ryan points out that a larger and trustworthy crew will be required in order to salvage the wreck. Barb goes home and tells Dottie about the find, shows her the coin and tells her that they need to "chip in," in order to help finance the salvage of the wreck. Dottie begins to cry, disbelieving that the coin is real and thinking that this will deprive her of needed surgery. Barb introduces a new diver, Lechock, to the rest of the salvage crew, who seem wary of the newcomer but take him on and agree to set out the next morning. Once underway, Lechock quickly shows himself to be a belligerent shipmate, threatening to toss another member of the crew overboard. At the site, Ryan once again suits up and returns to the wreck, while filling a basket the crew later sent down for retrieval of the treasure. Lechock appears mesmerized by the bullion when it comes aboard, while Ryan remains working underwater. Neely calls Cap with their status, who promises to bring out supplies so that they can remain at the site and work. As Cap's supply boat approaches later, Lechock is suiting up for a dive. Neely explains to Cap that Lechock has alienated the entire crew and seems to have "a chip on his shoulder." After sundown, Lechock is seen putting a pistol into his waistband and slipping into the cabin where the gold is kept in an apparently unlocked safe. While taking two of the gold bars, he accidentally wakes Barb, pistol-whips him to death and then escapes with the bullion by stealing Cap's boat. Ryan, Neely and Cap see Lechock leave with the boat, then investigate the cabin where they discover the stolen bullion and Barb's body. Neely calls the Key West harbor police to report the murder, then orders Willie to drop a marker buoy so they can return to port. Later, Willie is seen on deck with a voodoo doll. After daybreak, a Coast Guard boat pursues Lechock at high speed but loses him in shallow water near the coast, while the Capt. Geech puts into port. Lechock then abandons the boat, buries the gold bars on the beach, and runs into the woods. The police are waiting at the dock as the Capt. Geech comes in, and once the boat is tied, Ryan and Willie leave while the police talk to Cap and Neely. Ryan picks up Mom in a taxi and explains what has happened while they are on the way to tell Dottie that her husband has been killed. Ryan vows to find Lechock as Dottie breaks down and cries in Mom's arms. The next scene is of a voodoo ritual, opening to a view of Willie's voodoo doll  hung on a board painted with a spider's web. A voodoo dancer, drummers and white-clad women all participate while Willie shakes a maraca during the ritual. With his chicken-feather whisk, the dancer selects a woman who joins him in the dance, soon to be followed by the entire group as the dancer brushes the doll with the whisk. As Ryan searches for Lechock, the fugitive evades the police by slipping through a door. The door happens to lead into the "Key Oasis" bar, where Ryan is having a drink. When Ryan notices Lechock, he immediately attacks while the other patrons watch. The fight results in Lechock knocked out on the floor as Ryan leaves the bar. He returns to Duffy's, where Mom urges him to stay and let law enforcement handle the case. Ryan agrees, then Willie bursts in to tell them that Lechock has been arrested for Barb's murder.
9138693	"The Truth about Nanjing" was planned to be a three-part film. * The first section was "Seven condemned criminals"  This part shows the last day of the seven people who were condemned to death in 1948 by the International Military Tribunal for the Far East and executed on 23 December 1948 at Sugamo Prison, Tokyo. * The second section was for verification.  * The third section was for America.
19332675	The film is narrated by Ben Jago, a corrupt police detective who is prepared to manipulate those around him to get what he wants, even the people he loves. After the Commissioner of London's Metropolitan Police Sinclair Carver is caught using racist language he is forced to resign. The Home Secretary and Prime Minister choose John Othello, a black policeman and Jago's best friend, to be the next Commissioner as a publicity stunt after a reporter praises him for ending a riot. Jago, Carver's second-in-command, feels that Othello stole his chance to become Commissioner himself, as he had been the favourite for the job. Jago plots to take revenge on Othello by ruining his life and driving him out of his new job. Jago posts on a neo-Nazi website about Othello's marriage to Dessie Brabant, a wealthy white woman, leading her to be attacked in the street. When Othello asks Jago to lend him a man to look after her during the day Jago suggests Michael Cass, an attractive inspector and known womanizer, to look after Dessie. Jago also seduces Dessie's best friend, Lulu, to try to get information about Dessie's past and her relationship with Cass. During this Othello has Jago look into the death of Billy Coates, a black drug addict, who was battered to death by three policemen claiming it was self-defense. He discovers, via PC Alan Roderick, that the three policemen actually went to Coastes' flat with the intention of attacking him. Jago sympathises with Roderick and offers protection in return for him testifying against the other three policemen. Upon discovering this Othello is given all the credit. Furious that he has once again been overlooked by Othello, Jago decides to ruin the case. Roderick is called to give evidence at the trial causing the other policemen to rebuff him. The day he is called to trial he is found dead from an overdose, and it is suggested that Jago overdosed Roderick with alcohol, knowing he was on anti-depressants. Jago offers to take the blame, but Othello refuses, telling him that he is the "only person [he] can trust." Through Jago's prompting and several misunderstandings between Dessie and Cass, Othello begins to become paranoid that Dessie is having an affair. Jago suggests they use DNA to test whether Dessie and Cass sleeping together. During a televised interview Othello has a breakdown and even attacks Cass in a car park. Jago starts to feel guilty, but decides that it is out of his hands. Nonetheless he tells Othello that he got the DNA tests back, confirming that Dessie is having an affair. That night Othello returns home to confront her. When Dessie denies it Othello kills her in a fit of anger. Worried when they don't get a response at the door, Jago and Lulu break into the flat to find Dessie dead. Jago tells Othello that the tests were negative and Dessie was innocent. Realising that he had been manipulated, Othello asks Jago why he did it, to which Jago states that Othello took what was his; despite everything, however, Jago states that he still loves Othello and always will. Jago and Lulu wait outside for the police to arrive when Othello commits suicide. Shortly after the Home Secretary and Prime Minister decide to choose a more reliable pair of hands for the Commissioner, choosing Jago. The film ends with Jago stating that it wasn't about race or politics but love, "simple as that."
19755481	The film opens in a Montreal apartment, where a woman named Lisa  waits for an old man to sew bags of heroin into the cloth body of an old-fashioned doll. As she leaves the apartment with the doll, we see the man watching her leave, then dialing someone on the phone. Lisa takes the doll with her on an airline flight to New York City, but when, on disembarking, she sees a man watching her, she becomes worried and gives the doll for safekeeping to a man she'd spoken with on the plane, professional photographer Sam Hendrix . The man who'd been watching Lisa then roughly escorts her away. Later, when Lisa calls Sam to ask for the doll, Sam and his wife are unable to find it. Some time afterward, small-time con artist Mike Talman  and his partner Carlino  arrive at the basement apartment where Sam lives with his wife Susy , who is blind. The two men watch until both the apartment's occupants have left, then enter. The con men have an appointment with Lisa, who'd been their partner in crime prior to the recent imprisonment of both, but they are met instead by Harry Roat, Jr. , whom the audience recognizes as the man who watched and met Lisa at the airport. After discovering Lisa's body hanging in a garment bag, Talman and Carlino want to make a quick exit, but Roat points out that they have left their fingerprints all over the apartment, while he has worn gloves. Roat is then able to prevail upon the two to help him dispose of Lisa's body--he'd caught her going into business for herself, he explains--and to help him try to find the heroin-stuffed doll. Later that day, Susy's neighbor leaves for the weekend, and Sam leaves for a business trip the next morning. Once Susy is alone, the criminals begin an elaborate con game: In order to gain entry into the apartment, Talman poses as a friend of Sam's, Carlino poses as a policeman, and Roat poses first as an old man and then as the man's son. Using first an innocuous story about Sam and the doll, then a darker one implying that Lisa has been murdered and that Sam will be suspected, the men persuade Susy to help them find the doll. Talman gives her the number for the phone booth across the street as his own after falsely warning her of a police car stationed outside. During this time, Susy has grown suspicious of Carlino and Roat, and Gloria , a girl who lives upstairs and is paid by the couple to help Susy with errands, has been going in and out of the apartment, sometimes without Susy's noticing that she is there. After Talman leaves, Gloria sneaks into the apartment carrying the doll, which she stole some time earlier. She tells Susy there is no police car outside, and Susy discovers the doll. Wanting to confirm her suspicions about Carlino and Roat, Susy tells Gloria to go home and watch the phone booth. If a man goes into it, Gloria is to phone Susy, let the phone ring twice, and hang up. Gloria tells Susy she can signal her by banging on the pipes. On Carlino's next visit, after he calls Roat at the phone booth, Gloria sends Susy the telephone signal, and she sends the signal a second time after Susy calls Talman to tell him she has the doll. Finally realizing that Talman is a criminal, Susy hides the doll. When he walks in with Corlino and Roat following quietly, she tells him the doll is at Sam's studio. The criminals leave after Roat cuts the telephone cord. When Susy bangs on the pipes, Gloria comes in and Susy sends her to the bus station in a taxi to wait for Sam. When Susy discovers that the telephone cord has been cut, she prepares to defend herself by putting the criminals in the dark along with her, breaking all the bulbs in the apartment's light fixtures. She also pours a chemical into a bowl. When Talman returns, she refuses to cooperate. Talman has spent the most time with Susy and he has come to admire her for her quiet strength and ability to stand up to the three criminals, despite her disability. He admits to her that he and his confederates are part of a criminal plot and that Sam, as Susy suspected, is completely innocent of any involvement, while Roat is a particular danger. Susy needn't worry, though, Talman says, as he has sent Carlino to kill Roat. However, Roat has killed Carlino instead, and, as Talman prepares to leave, pausing to say something to Susy as he stands in the doorway, Roat stabs him in the back. Intent on acquiring the doll, Roat chains the door shut in the dark apartment, pours gasoline on the floor, and sets a piece of newspaper on fire. A desperate battle follows in which Susy throws the chemical in Roat's face and she forces him to put out the fire. But the battle ends when Roat obtains light by opening the refrigerator, whose door he props open with a rag in the hinge. Susy, weeping, pulls the doll out from its hiding place and hands it to him. While Roat cuts open the doll and gloats over the treasure inside, Susy is able, unnoticed by him, to arm herself with a large kitchen knife. Roat then pushes Susy towards the bedroom, making an ambiguous threat as to his intentions. As he pushes her forward, Susy suddenly turns and stabs Roat in the belly. She flees his grasp, but is unable to escape through the chained door. She stumbles across the floor toward the kitchen window to scream for help, but Roat unexpectedly leaps out from the darkened bedroom and grabs her ankle. Screaming, Susy wrenches free, but the dying Roat doggedly pursues her, using the knife with which she stabbed him to drag himself across the floor. Susy is at the refrigerator, trying to close its door and thus extinguish its light, unaware of the rag that is preventing its closure. She then gropes for the refrigerator's cord, murmuring desperately, "Where is it?" As the reeling Roat stands with his last strength and staggers toward her with the knife, Susy's scream merges with the sound of a police siren, and the scene switches to the arrival of police cars outside the apartment. When the police enter with Sam and Gloria, Sam finds an unbroken light bulb and we see the room littered with the bodies of Talman and Roat, but no Susy. Finally, as Sam calls out for her, the door of the unplugged refrigerator moves, and Susy emerges from behind it, alive.
27368886	Louisiana Governor Chip Majors  is front in line to be North Carolina Senator Edmonds'  Vice Presidential nominee. The day he is to be announced, Majors goes to a hotel, where he meets a prostitute. After a few moments, the prostitute takes out a gun and tries to assassinate him, but Majors overpowers her, and realizes that a group (led by a man named Graham , is trying to assassinate him before he is chosen. Majors kills the prostitute, but his protection, Devon  and Thomas Cobbs  find out. Majors offers them both a million dollars, and they eventually agree to the bribe. Meanwhile, Cobbs's former girlfriend, Gloria  is torturing one of the men behind the plot to assassinate Governor Majors. Cobbs calls Gloria, unaware of what she is doing, and asks about Majors. She tells him that Majors lied about a lot of his military background and is very unfaithful to his wife. Majors goes down to a campaign party and rubs elbows with many of his strongest donors. Eventually, Devon finds out about the assassination attempt and hurries Governor Majors out of the campaign party. As they make their way out, they find Cobbs dead. They drive off, facing fire from nearly all sides. After they get to safety, Devon takes Majors out of the car and says that he has to arrest the Governor for murder. Majors reveals that he had been shot during the escape, and as police arrive, it looks like Devon had assassinated Majors. Later, Graham is informed that the assassination was a success and Devon is now in prison.
5925279	Just before the French Revolution, Henriette takes her close adopted sister, Louise, to Paris in the hope of finding a cure for her blindness. She promises Louise that she will not marry until she could see to approve her husband. Lustful aristocrat de Praille  meets the two outside Paris. Taken by the virginal Henriette's beauty, he has her abducted and brought to his estate where a lavish party is being held, leaving Louise helpless in the big city. An honorable aristocrat, the Chevalier de Vaudrey helps Henriette to escape de Praille and his guests by successfully fighting a duel with him. The scoundrel Mother Frochard, seeing an opportunity to make money, tricks Louise into her underground house to be kept prisoner. Unable to find Louise with the help of the Chevalier, Henriette rents a room, but before leaving her de Vaudrey comforts and kisses the distressed woman. Later, Henriette gives shelter to admirable politician Danton, who after an attack by Royalist spies following a public speech falls for her. As a result, she runs foul of the radical revolutionary Robespierre, a friend of Danton. Mother Forchard forces Louise into begging. Meanwhile, de Vaudrey visits Henriette with a proposal of marriage, and she refuses him. After expressing love for each other, he promises Henriette that Louise will be found. King Louis XVI orders Henriette to be arrested, due to his disapproval of de Vaudrey's choice of wife, and the Chevalier is also sent away, while his Aunt visits Henriette. During the meeting, Louise is heard singing outside, where Frochard has told her to walk blindly and sing. Henriette calls out from her upstairs balcony, but the panicked Louise is dragged off by Frochard and Henriette is arrested and sent to a women's prison. Louise and Frochard's begging continues with the other two Frochards, and before long the Revolution begins. A battle between the Royalist soldiers and the people allied with the police, who are successful, results in aristocrats being killed and the prisoners of the "Tyrants"  being freed. A people's 'rag-tag' government is formed, and Forget-not takes his revenge against de Praille. Robespierre and Forget-not send Henriette and her lover, the Chevalier de Vaudrey, to the guillotine, for hiding de Vaudrey, an aristocrat, who returned to Paris to find her. However, Danton manages to obtain a pardon for them. After a race through the streets of Paris he just manages to save Henriette and offers her to the Chevalier, when the two orphans unite. A doctor restores Louise's sight, she approves marriage between Henriette and the Chevalier, and a better organized Republic forms in France.
26499399	{{Plot}} In the Dasht-E-Margoh desert in remote Afghanistan, inside a Taliban camp, an ISI official, Col. Huzefa , is interrogating a captured man  suspected to be a Research and Analysis Wing  agent. The man offers up details about RAW's operations in Afghanistan in exchange for money and safe passage across the border. He betrays his colleague, Major Rajan , who has also infiltrated the camp. This is only a ruse, as both overpower their captors and fight their way out of the camp. Along the way, they rescue a girl called Farah . The man is actually a RAW agent and his nom-de-guerre is Agent Vinod. In New Delhi, Agent Vinod enters RAW headquarters to meet his boss Hassan Nawaz . Nawaz shows him Major Rajan's final message from Russia. Just as he completes his message, Rajan is killed by a man who has a scorpion tattoo on his forearm. Nawaz asks Vinod to find out what '242' is. Vinod travels to Moscow, and enters a nightclub owned by Abu Nazer . He manages to capture and interrogate Nazer, who tells him a man called Freddie Khambatta is to smuggle the million to Morocco. Vinod is almost captured by Nazer's men, but manages to escape, killing Nazer in the process. Vinod boards a flight to Marakkesh, Morocco. Freddie Khambatta turns out to be the flight steward. Vinod picks him up from the airport, only to assume his place. As Freddie, Vinod meets local mafia boss David Kazan , who is accompanied by his personal  doctor, Ruby Mendes . Kazan suspects Vinod, and gets Ruby to administer him a truth serum. Vinod blurts out that he is a RAW agent and killed Abu Nazer. Kazan confronts Vinod when he regains consciousness, but Vinod manages to convince him he is Freddie Khambatta, and explains he had to kill Abu Nazer to protect the mission. He manages to hack Kazan's phone and finds out that a MI6 agent is reaching Morocco the following day. In the meantime, Vinod gets closer to Ruby, and tries to find out what '242' is. Ruby is actually Iram, a British-Pakistani who is working undercover for the ISI. Vinod goes to meet the MI6 agent and finds him murdered in his room with strong pointers that the murder was committed by Ruby. He gets an invitation card from the murdered agent's room for a private auction. He learns that many international terrorist groups are converging at an antiques auction in Marakkesh to purchase '242'. Vinod brings Ruby to the auction, where Kazan is also present along with Jagadishwar Metla . Vinod spots an LTTE agent he had encountered previously, and from him, learns that '242' is actually the detonator for the nuclear device, disguised as an antique volume of Omar Khayyam's 'Rubaiyyat'. A bidding war ensues, and Kazan manages to secure the detonator. In Chaman, Baluchistan, the head of the ISI is murdered by Col. Huzefa, who is actually part of a group of rogue ISI colonels planning an attack on India. In Morocco, Kazan locks the detonator with a password, and hands it over to Colonel , who has arrived in Morocco. Iram runs into the real Freddie Khambatta, and finds out Vinod is a RAW agent. Managing to escape from men trying to kill them, both agree to work together to prevent the nuclear device from falling into the wrong hands. Ruby returns to Kazan's estate only to find it ransacked and Kazan shot dead by 'Colonel'. 'Colonel' captures Ruby and asks her to reveal the whereabouts of Agent Vinod. He plants a sniper next to the hotel where Agent Vinod is to rendezvous with Ruby. The sniper takes a shot at him but Vinod manages to escape and is admitted to a hospital. The assassin reaches the hospital in the guise of a doctor and tries to administer a venom injection to Vinod. Vinod spots the scorpion tattoo on the doctor's forearm and overpowers him, killing him. He then clears his way out of the hospital to find Iram. 'Colonel' who is now in possession of the detonator, has reached Latvia to acquire the bomb. He enlists Iram to seduce an airport security employee to get his ID card. Iram succeeds in doing so, and 'Colonel' provides the ID card to his man, who is to transport the bomb out of Latvia. Colonel also sets up a rigged bomb so that both the airport employee and Iram die in the blast. Vinod arrives and as he interrogates Iram, the blast occurs, giving Iram the realization that she was being set up by the Colonel. Vinod and Iram join hands and try to capture the Colonel and the bomb. Iram tells Vinod that the Colonel has called for a meeting at Karachi with fugitive don Pasha who can also be in the plot. The Colonel gets the Rubaiyat and tells his men to kill Vinod and Iram. However, Vinod manages to kill them all. Iram and Vinod reach Karachi, where they meet Farah, who is a dancer. With her help, they enter the wedding attended by an Indian mafia don . There, they learn that Col. Huzefa and the don have agreed to smuggle the nuclear device from Karachi into India via the sea route. However, they are captured by Col. Huzefa, from whom they learn the target of the bomb is New Delhi. They manage to escape, and make it to New Delhi, where they try to find the location of the bomb. They find that the Colonel is staying with an ISI/Lashkar agent, who is an old professor. Iram finds the professor's map, which is of the bus route that Jimmy is taking with the armed bomb. Iram hurries to the exhibition where Colonel is hiding as a pilot. Iram runs into 'Colonel', and is shot, but points him out to Indian security forces, who kill him. Eventually, Vinod tracks down the bomb and takes the bomb up in a helicopter to detonate it as far away from the city as possible. Iram realizes that David Kazan had set the password to the detonator and asks Vinod to try the name of Kazan's camel. The bomb is defused but Iram dies of gunshot wounds. Later Vinod sees a recording, showing Metla planning the attack. Vinod accuses Metla and the Zeus group for murdering millions for making money at the global stock exchanges and starting a nuclear war in sub-continent for geo-political reasons. Metla mocks Vinod, telling him world affairs are too complex for 'lowly police officers' to understand. However, Vinod is wearing a wire, and London cell of the Lashkar-e-Toiba are listening in. Realizing that they have been manipulated by Metla into almost starting a war with India, with the Pakistan government violently cracking down on them, the Lashkar sends a suicide bomber  to assassinate Metla at a function in his honor. Metla is killed, but posthumously feted as a great philanthropist. On a beach in Cape Town, the beautiful Russian girl who first acquired the nuclear device is seen sunbathing. She looks up to find Agent Vinod smiling at her. It is apparent Vinod has moved on to his next mission.
35764248	The film begins with the birth of Karishma  and Karan  on the same day in the same hospital. 23 years later, unknown of their family backgrounds, they meet each other one summer at Krakow University Poland and fall in love. When Karan finds out her family background, he starts avoiding Karishma. What happens thereafter is a succession of interesting events that you would get to see in this musical extravaganza from the house of Shakti Samanta which made some memorable romantic films like Aradhana, Kati Patang, Amar Prem, Kashmir Ki Kali and others. http://www.gomolo.com/yeh-jo-muhobat-hai-movie/42248/
26393786	The film tells three stories. The first two are about two couples whose lives are extreme opposites but they share one thing in common: an unexpected pregnancy. Carmine and Sasha live in a carefree world and the arrival of a child blows their middle-class life to the ground: behind the illusion of their fancy condominium and their successful careers hides a couple that is in pain and living with secrets and lies. Meanwhile, Justine and Seb are freedom seekers that live day by day on the streets of Montreal. These two young squeegee kids are hoping for a better future, but in the meantime seem to be content with small-time jobs. Justine's pregnancy catches Seb off guard as he has better things to do than to be a father. Their violent relationship makes getting an abortion the obvious choice. Yet things just get worse. In the third story, Stephen Decker is a 50-something father who has lost everything, his wife, his only child, and his inner peace. Now he has found a new purpose for his life: revenge, which brings him from Calgary to Montreal as he attempts to hunt down his daughter's murderer. What he finds is far from what he expected, and five destinies converge, for better and for worse.
27997130	Three young Russians from very different walks of life involutarily enter the military to escape their past.
7429667	{{plot}} The movie begins with a Three Stooges style gag involving paintball, Slater, Zack, and Screech. The movie's mood is interrupted when Zack returns home and discovers that his father disapproves of Zack's upcoming wedding to Kelly, and thus will not fund the ceremony. Zack tells his mother Melanie that because his father won't support him, he will pull off some kind of wedding with the $1,200 he has. Melanie gives Zack two free passes to stay at the Stardust Hotel in Las Vegas for the time he will be there. The next day, Kelly, Slater, Screech and Lisa arrive at Zack's house and begin packing their cars for the trip to Las Vegas. With the girls in one vehicle and the guys in the other, Zack makes a bet with Lisa that the guys will make it there first. The girls accept the bet and that's when the troubles begin. Before setting out, the boys take a brief stop to look one last time at Bayside High School, where they first met as a group. As they race down a back road, the guys are pulled over by a local redneck sheriff who hates tourists. He asks them for the truck's registration, which Slater doesn't have. The sheriff then arrests them under suspicion of theft. Meanwhile, on another back road, the girls burn out their radiator after their fan belt breaks leaving them stranded in the desert. Finally, a man by the name of Kurt Martin appears walking down the road. He tells them that he was teaching school on a nearby Indian Reservation and he also is on his way to Las Vegas. He fixes the fan belt by using Lisa's expensive belt and replenishes the radiator with the girls drinking water. In return, he asks to be driven to Las Vegas. The girls get to Las Vegas first, and they run into Kurt again working as a bellhop at the Stardust Hotel where they are staying. Meanwhile, the boys get booked, photographed and thrown into a jail cell with a yuppy murderer, named Herb, and a biker/poet, named Ray. Finally the sheriff decides that the guys aren't suspects when he learns that the stolen Bronco was found and the real culprits arrested in San Diego. But thanks to Screech's big mouth of giving the fact that they have $1,200, the Sheriff extorts the money from Zack to let them out of the jail. In Las Vegas, the girls admire the $4 million Considine Diamond on display in the Stardust lobby. They decide to treat themselves to a manicure and the works at the hotel spa while they wait for the guys to show up. That evening, the guys finally arrive at the Stardust, and Slater eyes a pretty girl in the lobby. Lisa and Kelly see the rest of the guys and they are reunited. But Zack doesn't tell Kelly about losing nearly all of his money he plans to pay for the wedding. The next morning, in an attempt to earn back their money, the guys attempt to get work as caddies at a golf course. Here Slater once again runs onto the pretty girl, whose name is Carla, and she works as a cashier at the pro shop. After Screech accidentally drives the golf carts into a pond, the guys get fired and earn no money. Later that afternoon at the Stardust, the guys and girls play around in the hotel pool. Here, Slater again runs into Carla who agrees to go out with him. But two mysterious thugs oversee this. Meanwhile at the hotel's restaurant, Zack and Screech run into Bert Banner who overhears their money problem and offers them jobs as male escorts. At first Zack refuses, but realizing that they can earn $200 a day, he and Screech agree. The next morning, Bert trains Zack and Screech as escorts at his office, making Zack late for a meeting with a wedding coordinator which angers Kelly. Zack tells Kelly that there is nothing wrong with him and tells her that he is still willing to go through with the wedding. That evening, Screech gets his escort assignment: a heavyset, southern woman named Diana that rides around in a pink limousine. Diana picks Screech up and takes him to a formal dance club where she attempts to tango him to death. Meanwhile, Zack is forced to dine with Kelly at the Top of the Strip Restaurant at the Union Plaza Hotel while he dines at the same time with his escort: a Russian woman named Katrina. But Kelly soon figures out what's going on. After Kelly follows Zack to Katrina's table, she tells him that the wedding is off and storms out. After Zack leaves the restaurant depressed, Slater arrives at the same restaurant with Carla. Zack goes to Kelly's room at the Stardust, but she and Lisa won't let him in. Zack goes into his room next door and climbs out onto the balcony to climb over the railing to get to Kelly's balcony to talk to her. Back at the restaurant, Slater's date is interrupted when Carla's ex-boyfriend Freddy Silver, a mobster, arrives and yells at her for going behind his back in seeing someone else. When Slater knocks Freddy down, he and Carla are forced to run when the two thugs appear, who turn out to be Freddy's bodyguards. Slater and Carla run back to their room at the Stardust. But when they go out onto the balcony, they surprise Zack who slips and almost falls. In the girls room, Zack explains everything to Kelly and she forgives him. Next, Carla tells the gang that Freddy wants her and all of them dead because she knows that he's in town to steal the Considine Diamond. Lisa gets Kurt to help smuggle Slater and Carla out of the hotel by putting them in a luggage rack. But when they get to the hotel's main entrance, Screech, returning from his escort assignment, knocks over the luggage rack, exposing Slater and Carla. So Zack grabs Screech and the four of them get into Slater's Bronco. Freddy's thugs commandeer a taxi and take off after them, followed by Kelly, Lisa and Kurt in Lisa's BMW. A car chase ensues. Zack, Slater, Screech and Carla abandon their Bronco in a traffic jam at the end of Fremont Street and escape by hiding out in a wax museum by impersonating waxwork figures. But on the street, the four are spotted again by Freddy's thugs who chase them into a casino. The guys and Carla sneak into a Las Vegas dance show dressed as showgirls. But backstage, they're all captured by the thugs as well as Lisa, Kelly and Kurt who stumble by. The gang is taken to Freddy's room where they fail to talk their way to freedom. But Kurt suddenly announces that he is the son of the Stardust Hotel owner and he tells Freddy that he can get him to the diamond. Freddy still refuses to let any of them go and he forces Kurt to take them to the vault where the diamond is. Kurt opens the vault, and when Freddy and one of his thugs go in, Zack, Slater and Screech once again pull off their "Three Stooges" routine and trick the thug guarding them. They push him into the vault and the gang locks Freddy and his two thugs in it. After everything is resolved, the gang immediately goes to the nearest wedding chapel for Kelly and Zack to get married. The Silver Bells Chapel is run by Bert Banner! Just as he is about to marry them, Derek and Melanie Morris burst in. They tell them that Slater had earlier called them and convinced them to respect Zack and Kelly for what they are doing, so they have a change of heart: they now support Zack and Kelly's marriage. A few days later, there is a wedding held in a park near the Stardust Hotel, with Lisa being the Maid of Honor and Screech being Zack's best man. The wedding march begins and Kelly is escorted down the aisle by her father, Frank Kapowski. As the ceremony begins, Jessie Spano suddenly bursts in saying that she couldn't miss the wedding for the world, making the gang of Bayside complete. A montage shows Zack and Kelly's up's and downs from "Saved By the Bell" from 9th grade to the college years. Zack and Kelly recite their vows, the minister pronounces them man and wife. After the ceremony, Zack and Kelly are congratulated one by one by the gang as well as Mike Rogers, Alex Tabor and even Richard Belding. Kelly gets a tearful congrats from Jessie. Slater gives a toast to all assembled who include Kurt and Carla. Kelly's parents Frank and Carol, congratulate her and Melanie and Derek congratulate Zack. That evening, Lisa and Kurt  say goodbye to Zack and Kelly who are packing their stuff into a limo to take them on their honeymoon. Screech gives them a tearful goodbye as do Slater and Carla . Slater says: "It's the end of an era." Kelly throws the bouquet to Screech who catches it. Then Diana suddenly appears and chases Screech away. Zack and Kelly then take off in the limo as the screen fades to the credits.
30866673	David Billa , a Sri Lankan refugee arrives at the city of Rameswaram in a boat. He is interrogated by a corrupt police officer before he is allowed to enter the refuge camp . At the shelter he befriends Ranjith  and others. After a series of events the corrupt police officer Raghubir Sinha ([[Krishna Kumar  conspires against them, but is eventually killed by Billa. Soon, Billa and Ranjith are made to transport fish from Rameshwaram to Chennai. But the fishes had diamonds hidden them and as per the plot they get caught in the check post . Soon after realizing what had happened he kills all the cops and delivers the fish on time to Selvaraj  who recruits them for his illegal activities . He then goes back to meet his elder sister  and her daughter Jasmine  in a church. When they see his gun, they realize that he is involved in crime, and he is forced to leave the church. Kotiswara Rao  comes to meet Selvaraj and expresses his grievances that he was unable to sell cocaine in Goa. Billa promises to sell it and sets out to meet a local thug who betrays them and one of Billa's friend gets killed in the process. Billa evades the scene with both the money and the cocaine. He goes to meet Abbasi  in Goa who is the boss of Kotiswara Rao. He likes Billa and recruits him. He also introduces his girlfriend Sameera  to him. After a party held at his club he receives a phone call from the Russian mafia led by Dimitri  telling him that his arms consignment has been held by the Indian coastal guards and he asks for his help. Billa and Ranjith retrieve the consignment for him. Both are congratulated by Dimitri for their work. After Billa's sister dies, he brings back Jasmine with him to live in a big villa. Then he goes to Russia to meet Dimitri who happens to own an arms and ammunition manufacturing unit, with Kotiswara Rao where he signs a deal with Dimitri without the knowledge of Abbasi in presence of Jagdish ([[Rahman . Abbasi became furious and Kotiswara Rao adds fuel to the fire. Abbasi turns against Billa, and eventually gets killed by him in the series of events. Now Billa becomes the most powerful crime lord extending his business without any boundaries . Dimitri meets David Billa and asks him to provide a safe passage for the arms consignment through India. Billa denies it as his payment intended was very low . Angered by the wrath of David Billa he hires Kotiswara Rao, along with a government minister and his son to eliminate Billa . They conspire a plot to eliminate Billa and they kidnap Jasmine. Billa rescues her and he informs Sameera to come to the church to take Jasmine away to Malaysia to safety . But Sameera conspires against them and the goons with the minister's son arrive and held both Billa and Sameera captives. Billa is stabbed by one of the goons . After a verbal argument between them, the minister's son slits Jasmine's throat. Unable to witness the death of his love, Billa kills all the goons including the minister's son . Meanwhile in Russia, Dimitri is having an auction for sale and kotiswara Rao is also present with him . He shows his factory in his computer via a series of webcams and Billa is seen destroying his factory . He also sees his delivery train go off course . Angered with fear he kills Kotiswara Rao for not killing Billa as promised and he sets out himself to finish the task . The delivery train is blown by Billa and he encounters Dimitri on his helicopter. After an intense battle, Billa kills Dimitri by throwing him out of the helicopter. In the concluding scene, Billa and Ranjith board a plane to Malaysia, and the former's goons eliminate the rest of the conspirators including Sameera.
34501845	Omi Khurana’s London dream has just ended. On the run from a dangerous UK gangster who he owes money to, Omi returns to his native village in Punjab, pretending to be a well-heeled London lawyer. Much has changed since Omi ran away from home a decade back after stealing money from his doting grandfather, Darji. The old man has since become senile and most importantly, forgotten the secret recipe of “Chicken Khurana” a dish that made the Khurana dhaba  famous across Punjab. Omi’s childhood sweetheart, Harman is soon to be married to his cousin, Jeet, though neither seems too happy about it. Adding to the quirkiness of the Khurana family is a free loader uncle, Titu, who once did a stint at a mental asylum. Will Omi be able to cover his deceit and lies for long, even as he tries to recover the lost recipe of “Chicken Khurana” – the family’s only hope to reclaim their pride & wealth. Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana{{cite web}} – a delectable comedy served up this 2nd November by the team that gave you Khosla Ka Ghosla & Dev D.
30622939	On a dark and stormy night in the 1930s, a number of people gather at an isolated country estate to hear the reading of the will of the wealthy Sinas Cavinder, including: wealthy nephew Burling Famish Jr.  and his wife Pristy ; Pristy's dim-witted lover Teak Armbruster ; big-game hunter Jack Tugdon ; the foppish Lord Partfine ; elderly Mrs. Hausenstout ; kindly Seyton Ethelquake ; and the fragile Sabasha Fanmoore , Cavinder's ward. They are joined by rival reporters Eight O'Clock Faraday  and Billy Tuesday  along with cab driver Happy Codburn , to whom Faraday owes "toity-five cents" . The party grows by two when psychic Mrs. Cupcupboard  and "stranded motorist" Ray Vestinhaus  arrive unexpectedly. The large group gathers in the home's parlor so that lawyer Farper Twyly  can read the will. Before Twyly begins, the guests note the unusual threats surrounding the estate: Sabasha has been the subject of mysterious death threats; a serial killer known as the "Cavinder Strangler" is still at large and in the area; and it happens to be the same night on which the 300-year-old ghost of Sarah Cavinder is supposed to return. Twyly reads the will, revealing that some characters receive trivial gifts and other substantial ones. The bulk of the estate is given to Sabasha, but with the clause that upon her death the estate would then be given to Burling. Twyly then reveals the existence of an additional letter that amends the will; he discovers that it has been stolen, but assures the group that he and only he knows the contents. Before he can recite the letter, the lights are turned off. When they are turned back on, the group discovers that Twyly has been stabbed to death. When Ray tells the group that the only bridge back to town collapsed behind him, Faraday and Tuesday suggest that they all wait until morning for the police to arrive. However, at the stroke of midnight, Pristy is strangled by a masked killer. Dr. Van Von Vandervon  arrives and announces that he's tracked an escaped lunatic to the house, but because of the nature of his work , he is not sure what the patient looks like, or even if it's a man or woman. Over the course of the evening, the group attempts to find both the letter and clues leading to the killer. A seance is held by Mrs. Cupcupboard, but the spirit  is of no help. Mrs. Hausenstout occasionally pops up with a gorilla  in tow, and a police inspector  arrives--and is promptly killed. As the night progresses, Jack, Teak, Seyton and Dr. Von Vandervon are murdered, as is Archie the cook . Happy discovers a woman  locked in an attic room. Although the group assumes she is the ghost of Sarah Cavinder, the housemaid Jane  tells them that she is Thessaly, the confrontational and slightly insane daughter of Sinas Cavinder. Jane also knows the contents of the letter and tells Faraday and Tuesday that the letter makes Thessaly, not Sabasha, the inheritor of the estate. Faraday and Tuesday track down and confront the guilty parties--Burling and Sabasha, who began the night working independently but who later "joined forces" to knock off their rivals to the inheritance. Faraday and Tuesday also deduce that the real Sabasha is dead and that the woman pretending to be her is actually Dr. Von Vandervon's escaped lunatic. Burling threatens to blow up the house unless Faraday and Tuesday turn over the letter, but he is accidentally electrocuted after being confronted by Thessaly. Ray appears and admits that he is actually Bax Tremblay, a police investigator working undercover. He, Faraday, and Tuesday attempt to apprehend the false Sabasha, but she strangles herself to death to avoid capture. The next morning, Thessaly takes possession of the estate. Faraday proposes marriage to Tuesday and she accepts; the two of them agree to share their newspaper "scoop." They are driven away by Happy, who belatedly realizes that because he left the cab's meter running all night, Faraday owes him $87.42.
1373219	Forty years after an unfinished occult ritual resulted in the disappearance of six children, an American family has moved into a never-before inhabited house in Spain. The mother, Maria , wants to get the place in order, while the father, Mark , goes to work, and their children, teenager Regina  and her younger brother Paul , try to settle into their daily routines. It helps that Mark's doctor-father, Albert Rua  has furnished them with their residence and is nearby, especially when Mark begins to suffer from some mental breakdown attacks that periodically reoccur. Regina is not only worried about him, but also Paul who is now scared of the dark for the first time. The young boy has reason for that, however, as there seems to be some sort of supernatural force beneath his bed. Furthermore, there are instances when figures of children are seen standing in the shadow and darkness, watching the family. As Paul becomes more scared and their father increasingly unstable, Regina eventually figures out it must have something to do with their home where the power is lost everyday. With the help of her new friend, Carlos , the two eventually meet the man, Villalobos , who designed the house, and learn that it was built for a supernatural ritual requiring the sacrifice of seven children  to coincide with an eclipse that only occurs every forty years. With the next one quickly approaching, and now armed with the knowledge that the earlier occult ritual needs one more death to be completed, Regina races to make sure that Paul is not the final victim.  Taking a shortcut through her grandfather Albert's house, Regina finds out that her grandfather is, in fact, a member of the cult which has been performing these satanic rituals. Her grandfather explains that in the ritual forty years ago, there actually were seven children in the original ritual, the seventh child being none other than Regina's father, Mark. Albert did not sacrifice his son because at the last minute he realized that he did not love Mark. Waiting 40 years he has brought Mark and his family to the house with the intention of making sure Mark is sacrificed during this eclipse by "hands that love him." Armed with this knowledge, Regina races back to her home to find her father in the midst of another nervous breakdown, choking on pills as the eclipse begins. Maria tries to perform a tracheotomy on him, but is unable to bring herself to make the cut. Regina volunteers to, but inadvertently causes his death. Since Regina genuinely loved Mark, the ritual is finally complete. The darkness then takes the form of Regina and Paul, convincing their mother to turn off the lights. The darkness kills Maria, and then takes the form of Regina's friend Carlos, who picks them up in his car. The real Carlos arrives at the house, only to be killed by the darkness. The movie ends with the fake Carlos drives Regina and Paul into a dark tunnel, where it is implied that the darkness kills Regina and Paul.
2311219	{{Plot}}  The film begins with a depiction of the events of the 1972 Munich Olympics. After the killings, the Israeli government devises an eye for an eye retaliation; and a target list of 11 names is drawn up. Avner Kaufman , an Israeli-born Mossad agent of German-Jewish descent, is chosen to lead the assassination squad and is given the assignment over tea at the home of Prime Minister of Israel Golda Meir. To give the Israeli government plausible deniability and, at the direction of his handler Ephraim , Avner resigns from Mossad; and the squad operates with no official ties to Israel. Avner is given a team of four Jewish men: Steve , a South African driver; Hans , a document forger; Robert , a Belgian toy-maker trained in defusing explosives; and Carl , a former Israeli soldier who "cleans up" after the assassinations. Avner and his team set about tracking down the 11 targets with the help of a shadowy French informant, Louis . In Rome, the group tracks down their first target, Abdel Wael Zwaiter, who is broke and living as a poet. The group follows him to his apartment building, and Avner and Robert shoot him dead. In Paris, Robert pretends to be a journalist interviewing their second target, Mahmoud Hamshari, about the Munich massacre. He plants a bomb in Hamshari's phone that is set to be detonated by a remote key. Carl is to dial Hamshari's number from a public telephone booth after Hamshari's wife and daughter have left. However, while a large truck obscures their view, the daughter runs back inside to retrieve something. Carl calls the number, and the girl picks up; but Avner aborts the mission before Robert, who cannot see what is going on, triggers the explosion. When the girl leaves, Carl telephones the number, asks the man who answers if he's Hamshari; and, upon affirmation of name, Robert detonates the bomb. In Cyprus, the team kills the next target, Hussein Al Bashir , by planting a bomb in his hotel room beneath his bed. Avner gets a room next to Al Bashir and turns off his bedroom light, the signal to proceed. When Robert detonates the bomb, the explosives almost kill Avner and injures a newlywed couple next door. The group meet later aboard a boat in the Cyprus harbour to discuss the errors in the mission. Robert insists that the explosives he used were far more powerful than what he expected. It is revealed at this juncture that Louis provided the explosives and that he is also helping with the logistics of the hits through Avner. Avner then meets with Louis in Paris and he gives the team information on three Palestinians in Beirut: Muhammad Youssef al-Najjar ; Kamal Adwan; and Kamal Nasser, a Palestine Liberation Organization  spokesman. Ephraim refuses to let them handle the mission themselves. Avner insists that he will lose Louis' trust if the operation is carried out by the Israel Defense Forces . Ephraim relents, allowing the team to accompany the IDF commandos. In Beirut, Steve, Robert, and Avner meet up with a group of Sayeret Matkal IDF soldiers. They penetrate the Palestinians' guarded compound and kill all three. In Athens, Louis has provided the team with an apartment. During the night, four PLO members, who have rented the same apartment as a safe house, enter the dwelling. After a tense confrontation with guns drawn, Robert defuses the situation by claiming that his squad are members of the Basque separatist Euskadi Ta Askatasuna , Red Army Faction , and the African National Congress . Avner discusses Middle East politics with the group's leader. Avner's group carries out their next assassination, that of Zaiad Muchasi, by installing a remote-controlled bomb in Muchasi's TV set. However, the bomb does not detonate. Hans walks into the hotel, forces his way and throws a grenade that sets off the bomb, killing Muchasi. The squad exchanges gunfire with Muchasi's bodyguards. In the chaos, they are forced to take the hotel manager hostage; and Robert reveals that he doesn't actually build bombs, but just defuses them. Louis provides the squad with information on Ali Hassan Salameh, the organizer of the Munich Massacre. Avner learns from Louis that the CIA have a deal with Salameh wherein they protect and fund him in exchange for his promise not to attack US diplomats. The squad moves to London to track down Salameh, but they are not able to accomplish the assassination when Avner is suddenly approached by several drunken Americans. It is implied the said Americans are actually CIA agents. Avner is propositioned by a woman  in the hotel but declines. Afterward, Carl is killed by the same woman, who Avner learns is an independent Dutch contract killer. Robert questions the morality of the entire mission; Avner listens to him and asks him to take a break. The remaining squad tracks the Dutch assassin to the Netherlands and kills her without a glitch. Afterwards Avner, Steve and Hans discuss the futility of the mission. Later, Hans is found stabbed to death and left on a park bench while Robert is killed in an explosion in his workshop. Avner and Steve finally locate Salameh in Spain; however, their assassination attempt is thwarted by Salameh's guards. A disillusioned Avner flies to Israel and then to his new home in New York City to reunite with his wife and their child. In a fit of paranoia, he storms into the Israeli consulate and screams at an employee whom he believes to be a Mossad agent to leave him and his family alone. Ephraim comes to New York to urge Avner to rejoin Mossad. In the final scene, Avner openly questions the basis and effectiveness of the operation, and Ephraim admits that there was no evidence linking any of the targets to the Munich massacre. In a show of respect, Avner asks Ephraim to break bread with him, but because he has refused to return to Israel, Ephraim rejects him and leaves. Avner leaves as well. During the last scene, the camera pans across the New York City skyline and stops with the Twin Towers in the center of the scene. A postscript notes that 9 of the 11 men targeted by Mossad were eventually assassinated, including Salameh in 1979.
26834911	Erich Dengler, the son of Manferd Dengler , poses as an Art Collector, Eric Dane, in order to take over the Holman Museum where he holds the occupants including Sharon Bell and Jack Terry who are shooting a film. Dengler attempts to unleash a lethal nerve gas bomb which threatens the safety of the world. His plan is to sell the rest of the nerve gas to the highest bidder. Jack and Sharon make it their business to stop him.
20120996	{{Plot}} Singha  receives a call from Jazz, a high school friend. Jazz sets up a high school reunion from their class only. The entire bunch meets up, they had a conversation and turns into Singha's last year of high school memory. Where he met his first and only love, Mituna . At first day of their final year in high school, Singha was waiting for a bus and had seen a woman fell down. He helped the woman and gave her a marigold flower, then rode a bus to go to school. They had two new classmates, Lam and Mituna. Mituna got late from class at that time but was excused because she was new from the school. She sat beside Jazz and in front of her is Kanda whom she became friends with. At first, Singha and his pals mocked Mituna for being so silent. He got friends with Lam who had helped him survive under Kong who tried to kill him. Lam became close with Singha's group. Mituna hated Singha more when Singha made fun of her because they were dance partners. Until, Mituna fought back in the bus because they made fun of her because she had helped a mute woman. From that time on, Singha had been stalking Mituna because he wanna know where she lived. He asked forgiveness to her but Mituna does not want to talk to him. Singha's group together with Jazz and Kanda asked Mituna's mom to have Mituna be with them in their project. They went upcountry and helped educate kids by giving them handouts and others. In a bonfire that night, Singha opened up his feelings by telling his most and second most favorite flower whom he referred as Mituna. He wanted to give the bright side of Mituna. Mituna's pal and Singha's group became close to each other and helped fix Mituna's house. The group goes out together in resort and the skate club. Until, Singha and Mituna had fallen in love with each other. Lam got killed by Kong that brings sorrow to the group. Singha gave Mituna a paper to sign for their friendship book. She went home and had known that they had to move upcountry. In the final exam day, Mituna lied to Singha by telling him that she had to go upcountry for few days. After taking the last exam, she leave a note to Singha that they would talk at the result day. Prior to the result day, Singha's father was transferred and they had to move. On the result day, Singha decided to wait for Mituna but changed his mind because of his friends. He got drunk and had fallen asleep. He woke up and look for Mituna in school and in her house. He ended up in the park waiting for her even if it is raining. He was caught by the cops but was recognized as son of a sergeant. After the reminiscence, his friends told him at the reunion that if Mituna wanted to see him, she had showed up. He had to go upcountry for his job and found Mituna's mother. Mituna and Singha met each other again but Mituna was sick with AIDS and they talked whole night. Early morning, Mituna dies listening to Singha. Her mother gives him Mituna's thing who she wanted to be given to Singha. Singha read her notes and found out the day she transferred in that school, she found Singha who is the most important person in her life. He found out that it was Mituna's mom whom he had helped that day. The marigold flower he gave to Mituna's mom was kept by her and became the reason why she loved marigold. He found out that Mituna had kept her promise to talk to him at the exam result day To no avail. She ended up searching for him in his house only to find out that there was no one home. She then went to the park because it is their favorite place. She was afraid they will never say goodbye to each other, which was why she tried to go back to school. On her way back, she came across three men, the same three men who the cops were after in the middle of the rain. Even Mituna died but their love for each other will never end.
20533021	When the golfing bug bites Woody Woodpecker, he is ready for the game, but the question is "Is the game ready for him?" as he tries to match play with a power golfer. Woody's attempts to play golf are interrupted by a big, burly man who makes a bet with him.
31083557	Ava , a marriage counselor, is getting married to Charlie , after being inspired by the 30 year marriage of her parents, Bradley  and Betty . Six weeks after her wedding, as Ava and her younger sister Shelby  are preparing a guest list for their parents surprise 30th wedding anniversary, their parents appear at Ava's office arguing with one another. Betty reveals to Ava that Bradley had an affair 25 years ago, and declares that she wants a divorce. When Ava tries to counsel them, they refuse because she is their daughter and much less maritally experienced. Ava decides to try and save her parents' marriage. When her mother refuses to live with her father, she moves her father into her house, without consulting Charlie. Charlie is upset because Ava didn't ask him first. She apologizes to Charlie and promises that her father will only stay with them for a short period. Their friend, Gerber, suddenly shows up at their door with his new Polish wife, Kasia, whom he had met the night before in a bar. Gerber tells Ava about Charlie’s first marriage ten years ago, which she didn't know about. The revelation upsets Ava, and Charlie apologies for not telling her about it earlier. He explains that it took place under the influence of alcohol when he was 22 years old, and only lasted for a few weeks. Due to Ava’s father living with them, and her obsessing over trying to repair her parents' marriage, Ava & Charlie’s own marriage deteriorates because they are not having sex. Ava sends her parents to a different counselor, who suggests that they follow the “death break” therapy - no contact with one another so that they feel the absence, and therefore value each other, which is supposed to bring them closer together. Ava knows that this therapy only works over long periods of time, which, due to the party, she doesn’t have. She decides to take them to another counselor, along with Charlie. During one of the exercises, one spouse climbs a rock tower while the other spouse holds the rope which helps build trust between the partners. During the exercise, Ava's parents get into an argument and her father leaves the rope, leaving Betty suspended in air calling for help. Ava leaves her own rope, which is supporting Charlie, and tries to help her mother, which results in Charlie falling, injuring his back and neck. Ava apologizes, but he warns her that her distracted behavior is causing a increasing gulf between them. In secret, Ava continues planning the 30th anniversary surprise party. However, her mother throws a wrench in her plans and tells Ava that she is leaving on a trip to South Asia in 10 days for six months. Ava feels that her plan to bring her parents back together is failing, so she decides to play a trick on them in a last-ditch effort. She enlists Charlie to take her father out for a men's night and bring him back to the house later. Charlie takes her father to a bar where Gerber meets them. Much to Charlie's chagrin, Gerber takes them to a stripper club. At the club, the men drink excessively and Bradley enjoys the strip club’s dancers. Gerber tells Bradley that, because he is rich, he can marry a young, hot girl from Europe. Charlie and Bradley are drunk when they reach home where Ava is waiting with her mother. Under the influence of Gerber's advice, a drunken Bradley tells Betty that she can leave because he wants to marry one of the young European girls, which effectively destroys Ava's plan. Ava gets angry with Charlie for his childish behavior, which spoiled her last chance to bring her parents together. In response, Charlie complains that their lack of a sex life is caused by Ava's excessive determination to avoid her parents' inevitable divorce. Shelby decides to take Betty to a Speed Dating party so that she can meet other men. During the party, Betty meets many men, but realizes that none can replace her husband. Meanwhile, at Ava's, Bradley asks Ava to give him some pills to help him sleep. Ava concedes, and tells her father to take two pills, but he takes three and falls dead asleep. Then, Ava deviously flushes away the rest of pills in the toilet and calls an ambulance, claiming that her father took all of the sleeping pills of the bottle in a suicide attempt. The paramedics take Bradley to the hospital where he is admitted. Then, Ava calls her mother and informs her that Bradley tried to commit suicide after losing her. Betty rushes to the hospital where Ava and Charlie are already waiting. Bradley's doctor tells them that he hadn't, in fact, taken many of the pills and that he'll be fine. Betty goes in to Bradley’s room where they reunite, and Betty tells Bradley that she realized that in spite of their disagreements, he is the best man she'd ever known. Charlie asks Ava about the number of pills Bradley had taken, and she admits that she had created the whole incident in an attempt to bring her parents together. Charlie is upset by this and yells at Ava for her manipulative behavior, and for not telling him about her plan, after which he storms out of the hospital. When Ava and Shelby are about to leave the hospital, they discover that Bradley had produced a son from the affair that Bradley didn't know about. However, Betty has forgiven Bradley and welcomes his son into the family. Later that night, when Ava reaches home, she discovers that Charlie had left, leaving a note saying that he is “staying at Gerber's… need some time.” The next day, Ava goes in to Charlie’s office to apologize for her actions, and asks him to come back home. He replies that “he can't answer that right now”. She invites him to her parents' 30th anniversary party, which is now back on, but he declines, saying that he isn't in the mood for celebrating. Upon hearing this, Ava becomes enraged and accuses Charlie of having an affair with his secretary, Adriana. He denies that there is an affair, questions her motives for marrying him, suggesting that perhaps she had only done so to boost her career and lend credibility to her marriage counseling business. Ava is stunned, and leaves when Charlie takes a business call. The next day, Gerber kicks Charlie out because Kasia’s parents, two brothers, and three cousins are on their way for a visit. Charlie is surprised to hear Gerber talk to his wife in Polish, and questions him. Gerber says that if you love someone and want to live a successful married life, you have to accept and respect their family as well. At her parents' house, Ava asks her father for a drink so that she can keep herself in control during the Anniversary party, still reeling from the breakdown of her own marriage. Then, she takes her parents to the party, where they are surprised and pleased. Ava, who is sitting alone thinking about her ruined married, is approached by Shelby, who is worried about her and asks where Charlie is, to which Ava replies, “I don’t think he is going to make it.” Shelby gets upset, and tells Ava that she only has herself to blame for her failing marriage, as she neglected Charlie in her quest to save her parents' marriage, first denying her husband sex and then baselessly accusing him of adultery. Ava apologizes and admits that she isn't perfect and may not know everything about marriage. Shelby responds that she should say that to Charlie, at which Ava rushes out of the party to find Charlie, but meets him as he's on the way in to find her. She apologizes for her behavior and they renew their wedding vows. When Charlie asks Ava if she wants to go back in to the party, she suggests they consummate their marriage instead. At the end of the film, footage is shown of Charlie with his and Ava's baby daughter laughing.
13448042	Ting is a struggling young actress who one day is noticed by Royal Thai Police Lieutenant Te, who heads up the crimes re-enactment unit and is always on the look-out for fresh talent. Ting is put to work playing the victim in photo shoots with the hand-cuffed accused killers and rapists at crime scenes. The photos are published in Thai newspapers as a means of the police publicizing that they have closed the case and done their jobs. Ting takes a liking to her job, and is so convincing that even the criminals are moved to remorseful tears. Her popularity soaring, Ting is signed to play the lead in a film based on one of her true-crime re-enactments - the murder of Meen, a former Miss Thailand whose husband, Dr. Charun, is accused of the crime. Ting then starts experiencing some scary visions that lead her believe that Meen's longtime friend, Fai, is responsible. Then it is revealed that the events were actually entirely a film about Meen's murder, and Ting is merely a character being played by another actress named May. But while on the set filming the movie, in real life May was really possessed by a spirit that is very obsessed by her.
18563253	{{Expand section}} The plot revolves the banker Favraux, receiving a threatening note from Judex demanding that he pay back people he has swindled. He is later drugged by Judex and locked away. Meanwhile the former governess Diana, kidnaps Jacqueline to try to get the banker's money.
25858471	Two elderly ladies (one of which is [[Granny , the owners of Sylvester and Tweety, sneak their pets into a hotel where no pets are allowed. Sylvester, hearing Tweety's singing in the room next to his, writes a letter to the canary from his "Ardent Admirer". Tweety shortly discovers who his "admirer" is, and a chase ensues, which is cut short by the doorman, forcing Sylvester to disguise himself  causing the doorman to apologize and flee. Sylvester then sneaks into Tweety's room and tries to get him in his cage; this backfires and he is knocked out by the spring-loaded cage. Sylvester then phones Tweety that his owner has a surprise for him ; Tweety goes downstairs to receive it, but instead goes down Sylvester's throat, returning with a mouse from the time of Thomas Jefferson, explaining he is dead. The chase then goes outside, and into the room of Hector. Sylvester doesn't realize until after he's captured Tweety again that the dog is there. Another chase ensues, involving dog, cat and bird, which is also cut short by the doorman, forcing the three to form a truce long enough to disguise themselves . The chase resumes again, prompting the frustrated doorman to finally make an announcement evicting all pets. Unfortunately for him, a veritable zoo calls the hotel home, and comes stampeding over him. Getting up, the doorman dizzily says Tweety's catch phrase: "I tawt I taw a putty tat!" Tweety, popping out of hiding, replies "You did! You did! You taw a putty tat, a moo-moo tow, a big dowiwwa, a diddy-up hortey, and a wittle monkey!"
9916623	Butte Morgan plans to take over the circus my marrying Maria Wallace. She, however, is interested only in the trick rider Jack Grant. {{Expand section}}
20753929	Elinor Lee, a gangster’s moll living in the Harlem section of New York City, has signed up-and-coming boxer Benny Blue to a 10-year contract. Lee and a pair of corrupt fight promoter scheme to build up Blue as a potential champion, with the goal of betting against him when they force him to take a dive in a champion fight. Lee conspires to hire Fredi, an old friend of Blue and an escaped convict hiding from the law, to be his sweetheart and to control him for Lee and her partners. The plans are derailed when Blue loses a key fight to a German boxer, but he works to regain his standing in the sport and is able to meet the German in a rematch after two years have passed. Lee and her partners bet against Blue, but they are financially ruined when Blue prevails in the fight and comes out the winner.“Within Our Gates” by Alan Gevinson, American Film Institute, Google Books
6777222	The episode starts with Bob the Tomato with Larry the Cucumber, who is wearing an oven mitten on his head. When asked why, Larry says that it is because he saw it on the cover of "Veggie Beat" magazine and that everyone is doing it. Unable to see, however, he almost falls into a toaster and he ultimately crashes into the sink. Bob reads a letter from Dexter Wilmington from Tuscaloosa, Alabama about how he has peer pressure problems and is being tempted by his friend "Billy" to watch a show that Dexter isn't supposed to watch yet. Bob then introduces the story about three people who had a similar experience. The story is told by Grandpa George, making his VeggieTales debut , and takes place at the Nezzer Chocolate Factory  where the employees work hard all day in making Nezzer Chocolate Bunnies on an assembly line. Among the plant employees are three kids named Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego , though everybody just calls them Rack, Shack, and Benny . Another employee, Laura Carrot, works as the factory's delivery girl. As the story begins, the factory has just sold its 2,000,000th chocolate bunny of the day and owner Nebby K. Nezzer announces that all employees of the Nezzer Chocolate Factory may celebrate by eating as many bunnies as they like for thirty minutes.http://www.christiananswers.net/spotlight/movies/pre2000/rvu-veg4.html While all the employees tear ravenously into the chocolate bunnies, Shack reminds Rack and Benny to heed their parents' advice about not eating too much candy because it can be unhealthy. and even reminding them that even though their parents aren't with them, they must always remember their wishes.  When Mr. Nezzer and his sidekick Sedgewick Lunt comes out to soak up the appreciation of his employees, he finds them all lying ill, except for Rack, Shack, and Benny. Impressed by their ability to stand up for themselves, Mr. Nezzer promotes them to Junior Executives . The following day, Mr. Nezzer calls the trio into his office and gives them a sneak peek at his secret project. Wanting to show everybody at Nezzer Chocolate about how important "the bunny" is, Mr. Nezzer believes that if it were a big bunny, all of his employees would love it as much as he. Mr. Nezzer then shows them a model despicting a ninety-foot bunny statue for his employees to worship. He also demonstrates a song of worship called "The Bunny Song" with lyrics stating that nothing in the world, be it God, parents, healthy food, Church, or School, is more important than "the bunny". When asked by Rack as to what would happen if someone refuses to sing and worship, Mr. Nezzer draws their attention to the furnace  and warns that "in my mind, if you don't bow down and sing the song... YOU'RE A BAAAAD BUNNY!!!!"http://www.veggietalesreview.com/2006/07/30/veggietales-rack-shack-and-benny/ The completed bunny statue is unveiled later in the day, and Mr. Nezzer orders all his employees to bow down and sing. However, Mr. Lunt notices that Rack, Shack, and Benny aren't bowing, and Mr. Nezzer confronts them. Shack  tries to sing his naptime song, to no avail. At first Mr Nezzer is touched but then realizing that they were trying to avoid singing, orders that Rack, Shack, and Benny be sent to the furnace. The story takes a short break at this point for "Silly Songs with Larry". Larry, dressed in "authentic Argentinian garb" , sings and dances to a Spanish ballad called "The Dance of the Cucumber," while Bob the Tomato translates the Spanish lyrics. As the song proceeds, Larry starts taunts Bob in Spanish, which Bob unintentionally translates. As the song grinds to a stop over Bob's increasing anger towards Larry's taunts, Junior Asparagus and his parents  arrive for an photo opportunity. The song then continues and Larry again taunts Bob until the tomato finally loses his temper and chases Larry offstage. The main story then resumes as Mr. Nezzer gives Rack, Shack, and Benny one last chance to sing the song. When the trio refuse, explaining that they were taught to stand up for their beliefs, Mr. Nezzer sends them down a chute into the furnace. However, they are rescued at the last second by Laura Carrot in her delivery truck. She  attempts to escape the factory. Unfortunately, Rack, Shack, and Benny are captured and the three boys eventually fall into the furnace. As Mr. Nezzer gloats, the lights suddenly go out and a strange sound hums through the factory. As this happens, Mr. Lunt looks inside the furnace and notices that there's a fourth person in the furnace who's "real shiny" and that nothing  is burning up. When Rack, Shack, and Benny emerge from the furnace unscathed, Mr. Nezzer realizes that their faith in God is what saved them despite the peer pressure he inflicted on them. The three boys forgive Mr. Nezzer for his mistakes and lead him and the factory into a song appropriately titled "Stand Up!" Back on the countertop, Larry is still stuck in the sink. He recognizes now that peer pressure isn't good, and that common sense, one's own beliefs, and what one was taught by one's parents are more valuable than fleeting fads. Lamenting his wasted life, Bob offers to help Larry up, but during the rescue is stranded in Larry's place. Larry wraps up the show with Qwerty's verse, 2nd Thessalonians 2:15, which talks about standing up for one's beliefs and remembering parental advice. Larry leaves the scene, ignoring the fact Bob is still stuck in the sink, though never rescued. The episode then ends.
26464187	Slip and Sach's boss, David J. Thurston, has allegedly committed suicide. Slip finds a book of matches with the name of a local nightclub on his boss' desk and finds out from Gabe that a gambling casino is being run out of it. Slip comes to the conclusion that the club had something to do with his boss' death and sets out to find his murderer. The boys get jobs at the club and Louie poses as a rich cattlemen as they gather the information to convict the murderers.
26182742	A 12-year-old street kid named Municipality, while on the run from the reformatory, finds and saves a two day old abandoned child from being prey to a ferocious street dog. Failing to find any takers among the people he deemed responsible & respectable, Municipality takes up the onus of finding the child's mother himself. Here onwards ensues his struggle in the urban jungle of Mumbai with just four of his friends from the streets - Soda , Sursuri , Cutting  & Dhed-shaana . Municipality's rock steady determination ultimately helps him emerge a winner against all odds as he reaches the child's mother. Though in the bargain, he loses his 'God like' & flawless image of a mother he used to anticipate in his dreams. A mother, who he hoped, would come searching for him someday at the Municipality Hospital, where he was abandoned 12 years back. The film ends showcasing some of the real-life issues of abandoned children and the misery they face in their day to day lives.
5733324	Monty Capuletti  is a hard-living, heavy-drinking, pot-smoking, gambling family man who makes his living as a baby photographer. He loves his wife Rose but has a very tense relationship with his wealthy, snobbish mother-in-law, Mrs. Monahan, who runs a successful department store chain and hates the way Monty acts and lives. . The irresponsible Monty cannot even pick up a wedding cake for his engaged daughter Allison without fouling up. He and his best friend, Nicky, a plumber, smoking marijuana while driving and an accident destroys the cake. After Monty's mother-in-law dies unexpectedly, his family is in for an inheritance. Attorney Scrappleton reveals that Mrs. Monahan left a stipulation in her will that if Monty is able to curb his vices for a year by going on a diet and giving up drugs and gambling, he will receive $10 million. If not, the family gets nothing. Allison's wedding to the peculiar Julio goes off without a hitch, at least until the wedding night. The guys Monty would often drink and gamble with are also interested in whether or not Monty can really give up everything they did together, and are betting whether or not he will make it. Monty and Nicky go to the mother-in-law's department store and find awkward fashions and catering to a clientele which clearly do not include the likes of Nicky and Monty. Nicky then argues that it may not be worth it to Monty if this is the kind of atmosphere he will be exposed to, but Monty points out he must tough it out in order to provide for his wife and daughters, not just him. Meanwhile, the scheming Clive, right-hand man to Mrs. Monahan, does his best to undermine Monty's resolve so the money and department store can instead be left to him. Monty ultimately reforms. When the entire year is up, he and the family celebrate aboard a boat. To his chagrin, though, Mrs. Monahan turns up. She had faked her own death, simply to persuade her slovenly son-in-law to straighten up. Ultimately, though, she gives the money to Monty on the basis he upheld her stipulation. Now rich, Monty and his family live in a mansion. However, Monty hints the "clean living" clause has just expired as he kisses his mother-in-law good night, then proceeds to a hideaway to join Nicky and the men for pizza, poker and beer.
8262659	Harry Pierce  and his friend, Willie Piper , invest $5,000 in a motion picture studio. They are sold a deed to the Edison Studio by a con man, Joe Gorman , who immediately leaves town with his girlfriend, Leota Van Cleef . The couple heads to Hollywood where he poses as a European director, Sergei Toumanoff, who plans to make a film starring Leota. Meanwhile, Harry and Willie pursue Gorman across the country in hopes of getting their money back after learning that the deed they purchased is worthless. They hop off a freight train near Los Angeles and stumble onto the set of the western film that Toumanoff happens to be directing. He is furious with the interruption, but the head of the movie studio, Mr. Snavely , hires Harry and Willie because he is impressed with their "stunt work". Toumanoff plots to dispose of Harry and Willie before they can learn his true identity, and he arranges for Willie to double for Leota during a dangerous airplane stunt. His cohort, Hinds , sabotages their parachute and arranges for live bullets to be fired from the other plane in the scene, but Harry and Willie manage to avoid harm. After viewing the film of the airplane stunt, Snavely decides that Harry and Willie would make a great comedy team, and assigns a visibly annoyed Toumanoff to direct them in a film. . Gorman and Leota then go about robbing the studio safe of $75,000, but are discovered by Harry and Willie, who give chase. The studio's Keystone Kops are asked by Harry and Willie, who believe that they are real policemen, to assist in the chase. The Kops decide to play along, believing that they are on the same work team. The chase progresses onto the city streets before ending at an airport where the swindlers are finally captured. Unfortunately, the stolen money is blown away by the wind generated by the airplane's propeller.
26003987	All That I Love is a film about a young musician, Janek, in a coastal city of Poland during the early period of the Solidarity strikes, martial law in Poland, manifestations, and general political turmoil. Janek's father is an official of the local military police, and while he utilizes that connection to secure rehearsal space for his punk band , he rebels against the official repression of lycical freedom and political activism. His love interest, Basia, is the daughter of an active Solidarity member, who initially forbids Basia from seeing Janek due to his governmental connections. They continue to see each other secretly, and their romance inspires Janek to send demos to a prestigious Polish summer music festival. He is selected to play, but his attempt to get his politically sensitive lyrics past the state censor ends badly, and is forbidden from playing. However, at the end-of-year concert, at which the censor turns up personally to attempt to prevent Janek from singing Solidarity-friendly songs to his classmates, turns into a youth celebration of Solidarity.
6285350	The odyssey of a Kurdish man  in search of his brother, who has fled to avoid being drafted into the Turkish Armed Forces.Plot Description, New York Times Escaping arrest in Turkey, he flees to Syria and from there to Iraqi Kurdistan, where he finally finds refuge among displaced children. In Iraq, Beko manages to survive the Iraqi chemical attacks in 1988, and along with a blind girl, he makes it to Germany. Eventually he discovers that his brother was drafted in the Army and killed in the conflict with Kurdish guerillas.
4995581	 While the novel is told by a third-person narrator in strict chronological order, the film uses voice-over narration . The story is framed by the questioning of Mildred by police after they discover the body of her second husband, Monte Beragon. The film, in noir fashion, opens with Beragon  being shot. He murmurs the name "Mildred" as he collapses and dies. The police are led to believe that the murderer is restaurant owner Mildred Pierce's  first husband, Bert Pierce , who under interrogation confesses to the crime. She then relates her life story in flashback. We see housewife Mildred married to a newly unemployed Pierce. Bert at the time was a real estate partner of Wally Fay  who propositioned Mildred after learning that she and Bert were about to divorce. In the divorce, Mildred obtained custody of her two daughters: 16-year-old Veda , a bratty social climber and aspiring pianist, and 10-year-old Kay , a tomboy. Mildred's principal goal is to provide for eldest daughter Veda, who longs for possessions the family cannot afford. Mildred needs a job and the best she can find is as a waitress – a fact she hides from Veda. One day, Veda gives their maid, Lottie , Mildred's waitress uniform, thinking nothing of it, until Mildred admits her employment as a waitress, infuriating Veda, who thinks it lowly. Kay contracts pneumonia and dies; to bury her grief, Mildred throws herself into opening a new restaurant on the coast . With the help of her new friend and former supervisor, Ida , Mildred's new restaurant is a success. Wally Fay helps Mildred buy the property, and then it expands into a chain of "Mildred's" throughout Southern California. Mildred continues to smother Veda in affection and worldly goods, but Veda is nonetheless appalled by Mildred's common background and choice of profession while becoming more preoccupied with materialistic possessions. Mildred goes as far as entering into a loveless marriage with the formerly wealthy Monte Beragon in order to improve her social standing to gain her daughter's approval. Beragon lives the life of a playboy supported financially by Mildred, much to Mildred's dismay and potential ruin. Mildred ends up losing the business thanks to Monte's manipulation and Veda's greed. When Veda takes up with the scheming Monte, a showdown ensues at the beach house where the film began. We discover what really happened: that Veda, furious over Monte's unwillingness to marry her, is the one who shoots him. Mildred can cover for her daughter no more, and Veda is led off to jail. As Mildred leaves the police station, Bert is waiting for her.
20805584	After four years, Chris returns to where he grew up, it seems at first to attend a party, but his real motive is to catch up with his old buddy, Shifty who he left behind. Whilst away, Chris has settled into responsible adult life, with a mortgage and a good job, but he is shocked to discover that Shifty has been dealing cocaine for some time, supplied by the double dealing Glen. Although happy to see him, Shifty has not fully forgiven Chris for leaving in the first place, and it is soon learned that the circumstances under which Chris left are more complicated than they first seemed. They spend the next 24 hours together, with Chris watching Shifty as he deals to a variety of increasingly desperate customers from the community. Over the course of this day they are forced to confront the ghosts from the past that drove Chris away and the desperate and dangerous present that Shifty finds himself in, whilst re-discovering their friendship. Chris is once again given an opportunity to prove his loyalty to Shifty and to try ultimately and save Shifty from himself.
2257358	Orphan Phillip "Pip" Pirrip  lives with his shrewish older sister and her kind-hearted blacksmith husband, Joe Gargery . One day, Pip runs into an escaped convict, Abel Magwitch , who intimidates the boy into getting him some food and a file for his chains. Magwitch is caught when he attacks a hated fellow escapee, and is taken back to prison. Miss Havisham , an eccentric rich spinster, arranges to have Pip come to her mansion regularly to provide her with company and to play with a cruel but beautiful teenage girl, Estella . Estella mocks Pip's coarse manners at every opportunity, but Pip quickly falls in love with her. The visits come to an end when Pip turns 14 and begins his apprenticeship as a blacksmith. Estella also leaves, to learn to become a lady. Six years later Miss Havisham's lawyer, Mr. Jaggers , visits Pip  to tell him that a mysterious benefactor has offered to transform him into a gentleman, one with "great expectations"; Pip assumes it is Miss Havisham. He is taken to London, where Mr. Jaggers arranges for Pip to stay with Herbert Pocket , who will teach him how to behave like a gentleman. From Herbert, Pip learns that Miss Havisham was left at the altar many years ago; she is determined to avenge herself against all men, and Estella is her instrument to break men's hearts. After Pip turns 21, Joe Gargery comes to visit him, bringing a request from Miss Havisham to visit her. There he is delighted to be reunited with Estella , who tells him, "You must know, Pip, I have no heart." Estella and Pip spend much time together. She confesses to Pip that despite flirting with the wealthy but unpopular Bentley Drummle, she has absolutely no feelings for him. Pip suddenly receives another visitor from the past, Magwitch, who reveals that he is Pip's patron. Pip, who always imagined that Miss Havisham was responsible for his good fortune, now realizes that she was only using him. Growing suspicious of Drummle's overtures toward Estella, Pip visits Estella at the old woman's house, where she tells him that she is going to marry Drummle. Pip confronts Miss Havisham, saying "I am as unhappy as you could have ever meant me to be." Miss Havisham, finally realizing what she has done after seeing the crushed expression on Pip's face, begs his forgiveness. Pip leaves, but when she stands up to follow him, a piece of flaming wood from the fireplace rolls out and ignites Miss Havisham's dress. Her screams alert Pip, who runs back to find her in flames. Pip tries to save her, but is too late. After being warned that an old enemy  knows that Magwitch is in London, Pip makes preparations to smuggle the old man onto a packet boat and accompany him to the continent. Pip, Herbert and Magwitch row out to the packet boat, but are intercepted by the waiting police, tipped off by Magwitch's great enemy. Magwitch is seriously injured in a struggle with his nemesis. He had spoken to Pip of his lost daughter, and Pip's suspicion that she is Estella is confirmed by Mr. Jaggers. Pip visits the dying Magwitch and tells him of her fate, and that he, Pip, is in love with her; Magwitch passes away, a contented man. Stricken by illness and with his expectations gone, Pip is taken home and nursed back to health by Joe Gargery. He revisits Miss Havisham's deserted house, where he finds Estella. Her plans for the future have also gone awry, as Drummle had broken off their engagement after Mr. Jaggers informed him of her true parentage. Learning that Estella plans to live in seclusion in the house, which she has inherited, Pip proceeds to tear down the curtains and force open the boarded-up windows; for the first time in years sunlight illuminates the room, revealing cobwebs, dust, and decay. Pip tells Estella that he has never stopped loving her. After hesitating, she embraces him and they leave the house together.
11074454	After a near fatal car crash and three weeks in a coma, a man awakens to a new life, attempting to search for his true identity after suffering amnesia. The more he remembers, the more dangerous it gets.
12113134	The story tells about Kishore who is good-hearted person and always helps poor people even though he is from Zamindar family. Then he travels to Bombay to stay with his cousin Raj who cheats lots of girls. One day when both go for a hunt in jungle, Raj meets the man who asked him to marry his daughter but Raj murders him and he frames the case to Kishore. So Kishore escapes from there. Finally Kishore and his lover Nirmala prove that Raj is guilty and Raj tells the truth in front of everyone. Now police arrest Raj and Kishore marries Nirmala happily.
5239234	U.S. Air Force Colonel Charles "Chappy" Sinclair and his friends Leichmann, Palmer and Horikoshi run a classic World War II aircraft exhibition at an air show. Then, upon hearing that an old friend named Ramon Morales was killed in a crash in the Gulf of Mexico, Chappy is summoned to Lethridge Air Force Base in Brownsville, Texas, where the remains of Ramon's plane are being examined. Chappy mentions that among Ramon's surviving family members are his sister Anna, who graduated from UCLA on an athletic scholarship, and his father, the mayor of a small Peruvian village. It is discovered that Ramon was shot down while carrying several kilograms of cocaine, which places this case under DEA jurisdiction. Meanwhile, in Izquitos Village in Peru, Former Nazi captain Gustav Kleiss runs a drug cartel while holding the mayor's daughter hostage. He is also being aided by Air Force General Simms in delivering the drugs overseas. Simms has secretly sided with Kleiss after being informed that his airbase is to be closed down in a matter of months and his forces will be transferred to other bases. As the cartel begins to smuggle their contraband in barrels disguised as U.S. Air Force property, Anna breaks free from her prison and sneaks into the cartel's cargo plane, telling her father she will return with help. After the plane lands in Lethridge, she meets up with Chappy, who informs her that Ramon was killed. She then begs for his help, as Kleiss will kill her family and everyone in the village in four days. Chappy goes to DEA Agent Warren Crawford, who offers to help him if Anna can pinpoint the location of the cartel. During an air exhibition, Chappy's P-38 Lightning is damaged after Leichman's Me-109 is sabotaged with some live ammunition mixed with the paint rounds. Seeing that someone in the Air Force wants him out of the equation, he and his flight team rush to Anna's apartment, where she gives him the location of Kleiss' cartel. The information is handed to Crawford, who finds nothing from surveillance cameras. Following Ramon's funeral, Chappy's friends decide to join him on his flight to Peru. Chappy also convinces air show promoter Stockman to loan him the four WWII planes, promising to return them without a scratch. For this mission, the planes are retrofitted with laser-guided missiles, with Anna providing the targeting from the ground. Anna and Stockman land in Peru, only to discover that Tee Vee, a young man who manages her apartment, has stowed away during the flight. The mission is compromised when Tee Vee is caught and he and the laser targeting equipment are taken back into the hideout, prompting Kleiss to order his fighter planes to scramble and shoot down the four veteran aces. As the aces fend off the enemy jets, Anna sneaks into the prison compound, frees Tee Vee and recovers the equipment, while at the same time rallies the villagers to revolt against the cartel. Palmer's Spitfire is shot down during a dogfight, but Chappy manages to destroy the cocaine factory. As Simms takes off with a shipment in his cargo plane, DEA helicopters led by Warren arrive to assist the aces. Meanwhile, Anna has the villagers safe in the church, only to find out that it has been rigged with explosives. The villagers escape before the church is blown up. Chappy and Horikoshi pursue the cargo plane. After sustaining heavy damage, Horikoshi's Mitsubishi Zero does a kamikaze run that destroys the cargo plane, killing himself and Simms. Kleiss arrives at the scene with a prototype Messerschmitt 263, shooting down Leichmann's plane. Chappy, however, outsmarts Kleiss with an inverted roll aided by booster rockets before destroying the prototype jet. Kleiss ejects from his jet and lands in the jungle, where he attempts to bribe Anna into taking the jeep behind her, only to be impaled by a spring-loaded Punji stick trap. Back in Texas, Chappy, Anna and the surviving aces celebrate with a barbecue. Stockman informs Chappy that the Air Force has given him a fleet of mothballed F-86 Sabers to replace the destroyed planes, and for him to shut up about the cartel incident. Chappy is also told that the P-38 Lightning is now his; he decides to name it "Shadow Warrior" in honor of Horikoshi.
18066729	A railway stationmaster at a dying end-of-the-line village in Hokkaido is haunted by memories of his dead wife and daughter. When the railroad line is scheduled to be closed, he is offered a job at a hotel, but he is emotionally unable to part with his career as a railroader. His life takes a turn when he meets a young woman with an interest in trains who resembles his daughter.based on {{Amg movie}}
6593182	Pompous paleontologist Rick Marshall  has a low-level job at the La Brea Tar Pits, three years after a disastrous interview with Matt Lauer of Today became a viral video and ruined his career. Doctoral candidate student Holly Cantrell  tells him that his controversial theories combining time warps and paleontology inspired her. She shows him a fossil with an imprint of a cigarette lighter that he recognizes as his own along with a crystal made into a necklace that gives off strong tachyon energy. She convinces him to finish his tachyon amplifier and come help her on a seemingly routine expedition to the cave where Holly found the fossil, which is in the middle of nowhere. With cave gift shop owner Will Stanton ([[Danny McBride  they raft into the cave, where Marshall has detected high levels of tachyons. He activates the tachyon amplifier, triggering an earthquake that opens a time warp into which the raft falls. The group finds themselves in a desert, filled with various items from many eras, and without the amplifier. They rescue a primate-like creature, Cha-Ka  of the Pakuni tribe, who becomes their friend and guide. The gang spends a night in a cave after surviving a meeting with a fast, intelligent Tyrannosaurus they nickname "Grumpy", who develops a vendetta against Marshall for calling him stupid. Marshall receives a telepathic message begging for help and ends up in ancient ruins. There, the group encounters a race of lizard men called Sleestaks before meeting the one who sent Marshall the telepathic message, Enik the Altrusian. He explains that he was exiled by the evil Zarn who is attempting to take over Earth with his Sleestak minions, but Enik can prevent this if Marshall retrieves the tachyon amplifier. The group stumble upon a desert where many things from across time end up and they encounter many Compsognathus, Velociraptors, Grumpy, and an Allosaurus. The Allosaurus and Grumpy battle it out over the most recent thing to appear until they sense Marshall and chase him. Marshall kills the Allosaurus with liquid nitrogen and finds that the amplifier was inside the Allosaurus. The amplifier is stolen by a Pteranodon and taken to its nest. The group arrives at the nest and Marshall lightly steps through the Pteranadon eggs to retrieve the amplifier, but when he reaches it, it stops broadcasting the soundtrack to Marshalls favorite musical A Chorus Line. When the eggs begin to hatch, Holly realizes that the music was acting as a sort of lullaby keeping the Pteranadons asleep. Marshall, Will and Holly belt out "I Hope I Get It", with Cha-ka inexplicably joining in, displaying an impressive singing voice. Marshall, Will and Cha-ka celebrate their good fortune. Meanwhile, Holly pockets a dinosaur egg and learns from a recording left by the long-deceased Zarn that Enik deceived them and is actually the one planning to invade Earth, but is captured by the Sleestaks to be brought to the Library of Skulls for judgment. The others save her from being executed for helping Enik, but the villain&mdash;now possessing the amplifier, and mind-controlling the Sleestaks&mdash;leaves them to open a portal to Earth. Marshall quickly settles things with Grumpy, befriending him, and joins the others to defeat the Sleestak army and confront Enik. After the crystal link between the Land of the Lost and Earth is shattered, Will chooses to stay behind to live a better life and to prevent Enik from following Marshall and Holly back to Earth, learning later that female Pakuni are very attractive. A triumphant Marshall again appears on Today with show the dinosaur egg Holly brought back to promote his new book Matt Lauer Can Suck It. However, left behind on the Today set, the egg turns out to be a Sleestak egg as a baby hatches from it.
3257958	Scott Calvin/Santa Claus , and his wife, Carol , are expecting their first child as Christmas Eve approaches. Carol is missing her family, so Scott invites his in-laws, Silvia and Bud Newman , up to the North Pole, along with his ex-wife, Laura , her husband, Neil , and their daughter, Lucy , to keep Mrs. Claus company. Meanwhile, he is summoned to a meeting of the Council of Legendary Figures consisting of Mother Nature , Father Time , the Easter Bunny , Cupid , the Tooth Fairy , and the Sandman . Jack Frost  also arrives and is in trouble. He is jealous that he has no holiday or special occasion in his honor, and has been promoting himself during the Christmas season. Mother Nature accuses him of attempting to upstage Santa, and suggests sanctions against him. Frost manages to negotiate a light sentence of community service at the North Pole, but immediately sets out to sabotage operations there. His ultimate goal is to trick Santa into renouncing his position, and he sneaks into Santa's closet of snowglobes and steals the one that involkes the escape clause . When Lucy discovers this crime Jack Frost blackmails her by freezing her parents to force her to remain silent. Jack Frost causes trouble for the family that makes Scott think that he must resign to make things better; Jack tricks Scott into invoking the escape clause and gets to Santa's fallen coat first thus making him top man; Santa. Frost in his Santa job exploits the North Pole into a carnival and through shameless self-promotion, turning it into a tourist trap on the globe with the elves' forced labor where people pay to have kids put on the nice list or to pay to make a toy for the naughty kids. Scott is sent back to the present, where he has been the CEO for his old company for the last twelve years and works even on Christmas Eve. His non-Santa life is a disappointment, with his business taking priority over everything and his son loathing him for his lack of attention over the years. Scott promises to set things right and so wanting his Santa job back he flies to the North Pole and sees the offensive North Pole carnival. He confronts Jack Frost as Santa who is still aware of his trickery on Scott and realizing he cannot reform Frost Scott tricks Jack Frost into putting his voice of the escape clause on a microphone like pen and then has Lucy who is attending the carnival go steal the snowglobe and bring it to him; Jack Frost finds out and takes the globe but Scott then records Jack saying "I wish I'd never been Santa at all" thus invoking the escape clause and causing him and Jack to be sent back to the time when Scott became Santa for the first time and letting Scott restrain Jack enough to let his past figure of Scott get the coat thus making him Santa again and taking him back to the North Pole and the family where no time has passed since. Scott back as Santa, when entering the toy factory reconciles with his family and is happier until he sees Lucy finally get the courage to inform Scott what Frost did to her parents; Jack is arrested by elf police officers and he reveals that he cannot unfreeze his victims unless he is unfrozen himself; Scott and Lucy then use a gift Scott gave her; a snowglobe of her warmly hugging a snowman, to unfreeze Frost and reform him to thus resolve the conflicts in the movie; in the ending Santa sees Buddy Claus get born just 3 hours before he must deliver Christmas gifts.
4716139	The story revolves around Bharathi , a worker for a rich Thevar Zamindar ([[Vijayakumar . He comes from a lower caste and falls in love with the rich Zamindar's daughter Kannamma . Kannamma feels the same way, however their differing castes become a barrier, and as Kannamma's marriage is fixed to a wealthy man, Bharathi hasn't the courage to express his disapproval or start a relationship with Kannamma. His allegiance to the Zamindar, along with his fear of the caste system make him unwilling to stop the marriage. Bharathi's sister, however, also falls in love with a rich young man from a neighbouring town, and their differing circumstances do not hinder them from forming a relationship. In the end, Kannamma commits suicides and Bharathi jumps into her funeral pyre kills himself (in reference to the past Hindu practice of [[Sati .
22480532	In a plot similar to Singin' in the Rain, Rabbit is named the first mayor of the Hundred Acre Wood for his great effort on planning their best friends picnic. Unfortunately, when Darby says that a mayor is in charge of everything, this goes to his head and he makes up a lot of rules, like "No Bouncing", "No Honey" and everything is by a schedule. By and by everyone gets annoyed by the new rules and finally when everyone  can't follow the rules Rabbit and Beaver, who becomes the vice-mayor, decide to divide the wood so that Rabbit can be mayor on one side, and Tigger can be mayor on the other. The problem is that the White Line separates the people on each side from their friends. Everyone, except Darby and Buster, can not move from their side which results to problems. Tigger and Pooh can no longer sleuth, Roo and Lumpy can't visit each other, Tigger and Rabbit no longer be friends, and goods, supplies and materials can't be traded . Rabbit sees the sadness and decides to cheer everyone up by having a picnic on his side and Tigger does the same. But the picnics are no fun due to everyone being separated.
9294	Five Michigan State students venture into the hills of Tennessee to spend their Spring Break vacation in an isolated cabin. There, they find the "Naturan Demanto", a Sumerian variation of the Book of the Dead. They also find a tape recorder that plays demonic incantations from the book, unleashing evil demons. The demons proceed to isolate and kill off the students, beginning with Cheryl, who hears the voices of the demons and goes outside to investigate. Alone and far from the safety of the cabin, Cheryl is attacked by trees possessed by the demons, The others do not believe Cheryl's story and assume that she was attacked by a wild animal. Her brother, Ash, decides to drive her to town where she can find a place to stay for the night. However, they find that the only bridge connecting the cabin to civilization has been destroyed with the supports bent into the shape of a hand. Later, Cheryl, with the essence of a demon infesting her body following her encounter with the trees, becomes possessed and stabs Linda, Ash's girlfriend, in the ankle with a pencil. Scotty forces Cheryl into the cellar and locks it, but his girlfriend Shelly is also possessed by a demon, which spies on her from outside her bedroom as she is changing before hurling itself at her. Now possessed, Shelly attacks Scotty and sustains a number of brutal injuries before Scotty dismembers her with an axe. Clearly shaken by Shelly's death, Scotty leaves to go find an alternate trail through the woods. Ash goes to check on Linda, but finds that she, too, has become possessed, but she makes no attempt to attack him. Scotty returns, having suffered grave injuries inflicted onto him by the possessed trees. He tells Ash that there is an alternate trail through the woods before passing out, and Linda and Cheryl start laughing maniacally at their predicament. The two women suddenly seem to snap out of their possession, but it is revealed to be a trick when Ash almost releases Cheryl from the cellar and she tries to strangle him through the door. Ash locks Linda outside of the cabin and tends to Scotty's injuries, but he quickly bleeds to death. Linda sneaks in through the backdoor and attacks Ash with a ceremonial dagger, but Ash is able to take the dagger from her and impale her through her torso, seemingly killing her. Ash takes Linda's body to the work shed and tries to dismember her with a chainsaw, but finds that he cannot bring himself to do it and buries her instead. She rises from the grave and wrestles with Ash, who eventually lops her head off with a shovel. Returning to the cabin, Ash finds that Cheryl has escaped. Armed with a shotgun, Ash finds Cheryl hiding outside and shoots her in the shoulder, but it does not seem to have any effect. After barricading all of the doors, Ash descends into the cellar to find some extra shotgun shells, and while down there he experiences a series of strange events such as mysterious voices and blood seeping from numerous crevices and openings in the walls. Scotty's body reanimates, now possessed by a demon, and tries to kill Ash, but he cripples him by gouging out his eyes. Ash then notices that the Book of the Dead has fallen near the fireplace and is starting to burn, as are Cheryl and Scotty, giving the illusion that disposal of the book into the fire will destroy the demons. Cheryl breaks into the cabin and knocks Ash down with little effort. While Scotty pins him down, Cheryl repeatedly beats Ash with a fireplace poker. Ash is able to grab the book after several attempts and tosses it into the fireplace just as Cheryl raises the poker to impale him. The demons leave the bodies of Cheryl and Scotty, which then become inanimate and rapidly decay and fall apart. Ash, believing he has survived the ordeal, heads outside. A demon emerges from the woods and descends upon Ash, who turns to see it and lets out a bloodcurdling scream.
32803232	Georges Clou  is a successful salesman, enjoying the fruits of his labour as a resident of an exclusive gated community in the French Riviera. His life is seemingly idyllic, a beautiful home, a loving wife and a son. Appearances are deceptive as this idyllic vision is spoiled by the traumas his teenage son endures. Elsewhere in the community, Paul Marteau , arrives with a troubled past and uncertain future.Parc, by Arnaud des Pallières France in London. 21 October 2008
3389457	James McGregor receives a fax of a stranger's obituary. The next day, he is arrested and charged with the stranger's murder.
8511975	A group of high-school role players, decide to spice up their sword and sorcery games with two things. Breaking into the local school to use the maze of hallways it contains and utilizing 'spells' from a magic book. What the role players do not realize is the spells are real. When read, they summon a powerful demon that begins hunting them down, one by one.
24840023	Notorious of its unpeace, the South district  is ruled by five gangs. The five leaders, Jimmy , Coffee ([[Paul Wong , Jupiter , Sand  and Man Ching  share the same power over the area. Seemingly, everything remains calm, each gang owning its territory and conflicts rarely rising in-between. However, as Jimmy's wife Cheung Wah  is so talented in managing their business which has been expanding in recent years, gradually they are the most affluent among all. Adversely, Man Ching is facing down turn of his empire, business shrinking in scale and its power narrowing down. While the gangs are active in underground trade, the police are desperately looking forward to just one chance. Now it is time for them to take a strike. One night, when Jimmy is dining with seniors, a young man armed himself with a gun fires several big shots to his head. Knowing that, Cheung Wah stops all business dealing at once and appoints Po , Jimmy's right hand, to dig out the backhand but keep things quiet. Meanwhile, as Jimmy is still in a coma, dispute spreads over the five gangs, grabbing this shot to override others' territories. Violence sprawling over the East district, bloodshed is inevitable. With efforts Po finally drags the killer out from Sand's place. Cheung Wah flies back from Thai right away to take the lead. Wandering in the still street in the midnight, Po can sense the weirdness around where policemen are missing out unusually. In fact, they are already stationed at the airport and are expecting Wah's back. The battle between justice and darkness is about to begin.  The Blu-ray Disc release of Rebellion included an alternate ending, which showed Cheung Wah as an undercover cop, differing from that of the original ending, which showed Cheung Wah being arrested at the end of the film. It also featured a different opening than that of the DVD version. Other differences from the movie includes the complete replacement of Po as the undercover cop with Cheung Wah, extended gang-fight scenes, and an extension in the scene where Po tries to gain entrance to Sand's territories.
1330432	A Greek chorus narrates and comments -- and Oedipus, Jocasta, Tiresias, and Cassandra sometimes directly intervene -- in this modern fable. Sportswriter Lenny Weinrib  is married to career-driven wife Amanda . She wants a baby and, because she cannot afford to get pregnant due to her job, she says they will adopt. Lenny is opposed to this, but as always Amanda has her way. They adopt a baby boy, whom they name Max. As the child grows up, it becomes clear he is highly intelligent. Lenny becomes obsessed with learning the identity of Max's biological parents. After great difficulty, Lenny finally locates Max's mother: prostitute and part-time porn star Linda Ash . Lenny makes an "appointment" with her. At first, Linda appears to be a dumb blonde with a crude sense of humor, along with delusions of becoming an actress. Lenny does not sleep with her and urges her to stop being a prostitute. Linda becomes furious and throws him out. It takes a while for Lenny to befriend Linda, but then he begins her lifestyle makeover. Lenny also tricks her into telling him about the child she gave up for adoption. He persuades Linda to quit her profession and even bribes her violent pimp with basketball tickets to let Linda go. Lenny then sets Linda up with a boxer-turned-onion farmer Kevin . It appears to be a perfect match, until Kevin discovers Linda's background and leaves her. Meanwhile, Amanda has been having an affair with her colleague Jerry . Lenny finds out about it. Lenny and Linda console one another and sleep together. Lenny then reconciles with a guilt-ridden Amanda, realizing they are still in love. Linda makes one last attempt to win back farm boy Kevin. But as she drives back to the city, a helicopter drops out of the sky. Linda gives the pilot Don a lift and, before you know it, they end up getting married. The twist is that Linda is pregnant with Lenny's child. A year later, Lenny and Linda, with their individual children, meet in a toy store. They have each other's child, but they don't know it.
518117	Emperor Akbar  and his Rajput wife, Jodha Bai  pray for a son. Akbar offers rituals to initiate the birth of a successor. After a child is born, the news is brought to the emperor by a maid. Overjoyed at his prayers being answered, the Emperor gives the maid his ring and promises to grant her any one wish she asks. The son, Prince Salim, grows to be a weak and pleasure-loving boy. His father sends him off to war in order to teach him courage and discipline. After 14 years, Salim returns as a distinguished soldier . Salim falls in love with Anarkali , a court-dancer. Salim wants to marry Anarkali and arranges secret meetings between her and himself. However, the jealous Bahaar , a dancer of a higher rank, wants the crown of India and she attempts to make the prince love her so that she may ascend to queenship. Unsuccessful in winning Salim's heart, she exposes the love between him and Anarkali. Salim pleads for Anarkali's hand, but his father objects and throws Anarkali into prison. Despite imprisonment, Anarkali refuses to reject Salim. Salim rebels and amasses his own army to confront Akbar. Salim is defeated in battle and is sentenced to death by his own father, but is told that the sentence will be revoked if Anarkali, now in hiding, is handed over to face death in his place. Akbar's subjects plead for the Emperor to spare his son, and Anarkali comes out of hiding to save the prince's life. She is condemned to death by entombment alive. Before her sentence is carried out, she pleads to have a few hours with Salim as his make-believe wife. She is granted the wish, as she agrees to drug him afterwards so that he cannot interfere with her entombment. As she is being walled up, Akbar is reminded that he still owes a favour to Anarkali's mother, since she was the one to whom Akbar gave his ring after she informed him of the birth of his son. Anarkali's mother takes advantage of this, and begs for her daughter's life. The emperor relents, and arranges for Anarkali's secret escape with her mother into exile. He stipulates, though, that they are to live in total obscurity, and that Salim is never to know that Anarkali still lives.
19389615	Wheezer, Dickie, Uh-huh, and Stymie choose to play hooky from school again to go fishing with Joe and Farina. Meanwhile, Miss Kornman is taking her students to the beach and amusement pier free of charge. Spanky and Cotton deliver sick notes forged for Dickie, Stymie, and Wheezer by Joe and Farina to Miss Kornman, stating why they were absent. Truant officer Mickey Daniels decides to teach the boys a lesson. The truant officer then lectures the boys about what they can expect if sent to reform school , and frightens them so much they insist of being taken to the beach to apologize to Miss Kornman. En route, Stymie spots the truant officer badge and the boys flee. The officer purposely makes the chase long but eventually catches all the boys. They beg Miss Kornman to stop Mr. Daniels from locking the boys in a reform school. She does after the boys promise to never play hooky again.
14359457	In a Jewish ghetto in German-occupied Poland, a man named Jakob is summoned to the Gestapo office on a charge he broke the curfew. As the soldier who sent him there merely played a prank on him, he is released, but not before hearing a radio broadcast about the defeats of the German Army. As no one believes he went to the Gestapo and came out alive, Jakob makes up another tale, claiming he owns a radio – a crime punishable by death. He then starts encouraging his friends with false reports about the advance of the Red Army toward their ghetto. The residents, who are desperate and starved, find new hope in Jakob's stories. But it all ends as the Germans deport the people to their death in the extermination camps.
6270685	Carol —a talented painter and independent woman—falls in love with Steven  without knowing much about him other than he's the perfect man. But when Carol finds herself pregnant it forces Steven to expose his darkest secret—his family. Steven happens to be the only average-sized person in a family of dwarfs, including his twin brother Rolfe . Carol and Steven are then forced to come to terms with the fact that the fetus she carries may be born a dwarf. This terrifies Steven, who does not want his child to suffer the same way Rolfe did as a child. As Carol decides to carry the child, she and Steven grow further apart, and she begins to rely on Rolfe to teach her about life as a dwarf.
11250635	 The story starts as one of the robots flies into a scientist's secret lair and unloads a pile of cash into a vault. The robot is controlled completely from the scientists command center, and we see that he is one of many robots similar to him, lined up along the walls of the lair. Next, we see the front page of the Daily Planet, reporting the "mechanical monsters" robbery right alongside an announcement for the display of 50&nbsp;million dollars of the world's rarest gems at the local museum.  Later, as Lois and Clark are covering the museum's exhibit for the Planet, a robot lands in the street outside. The police pelt it with machine gun fire as it marches towards the museum, but the bullets bounce harmlessly off. Museum visitors, including Clark and Lois, flee as the monster marches towards the jewels and begins loading them into an opening in its back. While Clark phones the Planet from the nearest phone booth, Lois climbs into the monster's back, just as the monster leaves the museum and takes off into the sky. Clark emerges from the booth, notices Lois gone, and says, "This is a job for Superman!" He goes back into the phone booth and changes his clothes, emerging in his classic red-and-blue costume. Flying high above the city, Superman spots the robot and uses his X-ray vision to see Lois inside with the jewels.  He lands on it and struggles to open the door in its back, only to have the scientist maneuver the robot upside down and throw him off into a power line, tangling him in the wires. As the robot is upside down, the door flies open and all the jewels fall out, with Lois surviving only by hanging for dear life until the robot flips back over. As Superman struggles to free himself from the wires, the robot arrives at the lair, but instead of jewels, the scientist finds Lois in its payload. Infuriated, he demands that she tell him where the jewels are. The next time we see her, she is bound and gagged on a platform held over a pot of boiling metal in part of what appears to be an industrial foundry. The scientist pulls a lever which starts some machinery gradually lowering her closer and closer to the liquid. Meanwhile, Superman frees himself from the power lines and knocks down the door to the scientist's lair, only to meet the army of robots . Under the scientist's control, the robots emit fire from nozzles positioned on the lower part of their heads, encircle Superman, and pound him with their fists. Initially, the robots seem to have the upper hand, beating Superman to the ground, but Superman defeats them, sending the scientist running. When Superman catches up with him, he is holding a knife to the rope holding Lois' platform above the molten metal, and threatens to cut it if he takes another step. Superman makes a move, the rope is cut, and Superman speeds across the room to catch Lois just in time, landing on a ledge below the pot of molten metal and the scientist. The scientist then pulls a lever to dump the hot liquid on them, but Superman shields Lois with his cape, then grabs the scientist and flies from the lair to take him and Lois back to the city. The film ends with a shot of the next issue of the Planet, describing the latest adventure -- Superman stopped the mechanical monsters, the scientist was arrested and the jewels are recovered. In the office, Clark says "That's a wonderful story, Lois." She replies, "Thanks Clark, but I owe it all to Superman." Clark smiles.
6752415	Johnny De Jesus is a typical Canadian teen-ager; despondent, rebellious, and has no regard for his family. When the De Jesus-Reyes family gets word that their family matriarch, Lola  Nena has died, Johnny, and his prissy older sister Anna are in charge of representing their parents in Manila for the reading of their Lola’s last will and testament. Johnny, a first time balikbayan, sees Manila with foreign eyes; from the poorest squatters to the richest of the gated village mansions. Johnny is introduced to his cousin Vanessa, a Manila junior socialite who shares Johnny’s taste for drugs and trouble. At the reading of the will the three grandchildren of Lola Nena are awarded the deed to the family farm in rural Bulacan. A bumpy two-hour ride out of the city, shuttled by their family driver, Dante, they arrive at the 19-hectare property, miles away from the comforts of the modern world. The land is as vast, lush, and teeming with insects’ hum. But things are anything but placid in this provincial landscape. Johnny’s first surprise comes in the form of Tommy, a mentally handicapped man with a seemingly developed third eye, lives on the farm, is also part of the inheritance. Vanessa has a surprise of her own when she takes Anna and Johnny to the secluded field beyond the orchid garden and reveals the marijuana she has planted to be harvested by her obnoxious, rich, prep-school drop out friends, Nicco, Paolo, and drug dealer boyfriend, Ronnie. Things take a turn when Johnny comes to the reluctant realization that supernatural forces are at work on the land and the folklore that haunted his childhood are real. First are the sightings of his Lola’s ghost, which Johnny tries to dismiss as drug-induced hallucinations. Is Johnny falling for local superstition in his stoned stupor? Is someone trying to poison them or are there truly Duwendes on the property cursing them. What is the real reason why the local farmers stay away from the property? What is the dark secret that Lola Nena took to the grave and left for Johnny to discover? Set in Canada and the Philippines, Ang Pamana:The Inheritance is the story of the fears we carry and the ones that refuse to be left behind. Ang Pamana: The Inheritance is a supernatural thriller drawing from age-old Filipino folklore primed to frighten a whole new generation." http://www.thedigitalsweatshop.com/production.html
6369452	Molly de Mora  invites her divorced parents  to her wedding reception, where they see each other for the first time in 14 years. A shouting match between the two ensues. Following this, their spark is rekindled during the wedding reception. Over the next few days they fall in love again and run off together, thereby upsetting the newlyweds' honeymoon and their respective  spouses. If the scandal was made public it would be more controversial than usual, since the bride's husband hopes to stand for election to Congress. After searching for her parents and getting to know Joey Donna , her mother's number one paparazzi nicknamed "The Cockroach", whom she hires to help her find them, Molly decides that her parents deserve a chance to be together and gives them her honeymoon to Hawaii. When Keith objects to her decision, it is revealed that he slept with her stepmother. Knowing now that her marriage was a mistake, Molly runs off with Joey as her parents run off to Hawaii.
2862137	Sathyanarayan Murthy  is a rough but kind man who lives in Amalapuram with his niece, mother, sister and her husband. Sathya and his niece Lavanya share a special bond and are the best of friends. One day, Lavanya dies while playing on the swing. Sathya later finds out that she has been murdered by gun dealer Raj Malhotra ([[Arbaaz Khan . He meets and falls in love with Shilaza . Sathyanarayan challenges Raj Malhotra and wants to go the US but cannot get a permanent visa because he was not educated. He meets and marries Neelu , then goes to the US and kills Malhotra.
5283066	The film follows the story of Sean Crawley ([[Chris McKenna , a struggling young man trying to make ends meet by painting houses in suburban Los Angeles. One day, Sean meets "Duke" Wayne , who introduces Sean to his boss, a shady developer named Ray Matthews . Ray hires Sean as a spy, and orders him to follow Eric Gatley , an accountant who has been investigating Ray's company. Problems start when Ray, while drunk, offers Sean $13,000 to kill Eric. Sean accepts his offer and, although ambivalent, ends up killing Gatley by breaking into his house and beating him to death. When Sean goes to collect his pay, however, he is double-crossed and when he insists that they pay him, he is kidnapped and taken to Ray's secluded farm. It emerges that Matthews never had any intention of paying Sean for the killing, for he only wanted to use and eliminate him. But Sean survives from having a bullet put in his head then reveals that he had taken Gatley's work file of evidence and hidden it along with his documentation of events leading to the murder. When torture fails to make him disclose the whereabouts of the file, Sean is then brutally beaten about the head with golf clubs many times by Ray and his henchmen daily for weeks, in an effort to destroy his memory. After suffering a heavy amount of trauma, Sean escapes, killing Duke, and finds his way to a downtown homeless shelter where Gatley's widow, Susan , takes him under her wing, oblivious to his role in her personal tragedy. After she nurses him back to normal, he feels he has been reborn and they become lovers and he moves into her house. But after a few weeks, Susan finds his file describing the murder and, enraged, physically attacks him. Defending himself, Sean accidentally kills her. Having lost what he saw as his redemption and rebirth, more angry and cynical than ever, Sean returns to Ray's farm and methodically and ruthlessly exacts revenge on his captors; having arrived before Ray, he finds Duke's body and decapitates it, removing the wounds that would implicate his involvement. While waiting for Ray, Sean burns Duke's head in a fire pit along with pictures of Susan, exclaiming that if it wasn't for him and his friends he could have had a happy life. He hides in the house while Ray's henchmen search for him. Sean jumps Carl upstairs and hits him in the chest with a sledgehammer and kicks him down the stairs, Carl lies on the floor unable to move from internal bleeding. Beckett comes into the house to find Carl, when Sean breaks his leg and hits his back, paralyzing him. With the two henchmen unable to move, he moves on to Ray, dousing him in gasoline and setting him on fire, he returns to the house to deal with the wounded Carl and Beckett, begging him for medical assistance and asking why. Sean simply replies asking if there needs to be a reason for his revenge. Sean turns the stove on and leaves the house, he changes Ray's shoes to make it appear that the trio were working on the house when an accident occurs. Sean lights one of Ray's shoes on fire and throws it in the house, Beckett and Carl scream and cry as Sean walks away from the house before it explodes, and the screen fades to black. The title of the film refers to an episode after the murder, when Sean and Duke are at the zoo and Duke is musing about the game of deciding which animal most closely resembles a person, not physically, but on a deeper level. After roughing Sean up to discourage him from pursuing his quest for payment, he disparagingly remarks that he's found which animal resembles Sean: an ant.
13259610	Near the end of the nineteenth century, as the balance of power shifts from Shogunate towards the Emperor, Japan restlessly awaits the dawning of a new age. But not all are content... The Shinsengumi, a small army of samurai, farmers and peasants, band together to do battle against the tide of history. Their leader, Isami Kondo  is a man who rises from farmer to fighter to head the fierce Shinsengumi brigade. Using a stern hand and a heart of gold, he rallies his men in defense of the tottering Shogunate. But bloodshed and treachery lurk around every corner.
4199982	Jackie York is a famous novelist with a secret: she is suffering from writer's block and is unable to write her much-anticipated novel. After being used and then dumped by a wannabe movie director, Jackie can't get back to work. So, Jackie concocts a mess of lies to cover up her loneliness and to protect her secret. Jackie then meets a man named Patrick McKeating, a writer who opens her up to new possibilities. However, Patrick is nearly 20 years younger than Jackie. Jackie gets a lesson in true love and must decide what really matters in life.
14570672	The film opens with Angus Barrie , an Irish Republican Army member, walking through hills, and coming to rest on a beach, where there is a little hut. Meanwhile, Nancy Gulliver  having just left school, burns all her books in happiness. It is her birthday, and her aunt  has invited over Harry , with whom she’s desperately in love, to tea. However, during the course of the film, as a result of Harry’s behaviour with another girl and the way he treats Nancy, she realises that her love for Harry was nothing more than childish infatuation. One day, Nancy goes down to the beach, and notices that her hut has been slept in. She leaves a note requesting that it be left alone. Soon after, she is on the beach reading, when Barrie comes up to her. Over the course of the film, the two develop a relationship, despite her not really knowing and understanding his job: he is one of the first people that became part of a group named the IRA, and is on the run from the government. Nevertheless, she grows fond of Barrie, and dubs him "Cassius"  After Cassius asks her to pass on a message to a colleague, several constables of the Royal Irish Constabulary are gunned down at a horse race show. Later that day, the R.I.C. comes to see Nancy, and ask her if she knows where Cassius is. The police officers' suspicion is aroused when Nancy's grandfather  says he saw her talking to a man on the beach. She denies any knowledge. When they leave, she runs to the cottage on the beach where Cassius was staying to tell him to flee, only to find that he has already packed. As they walk out, a light shines on them: the RIC has found him. He is gunned down, much to Nancy's distress. The film ends with Nancy back at home, considerably older and wiser than when the film started.
25098041	It is 1938 and the Nazis are just one step away from invading and occupying Czechoslovakia. Hana is a young Czech film actress who also happens to be Jewish. She has just appeared in her first feature with her leading man, an older Jewish actor, who warns her that her career is over and that their picture will never see the light of day since the Nazis will never allow its release. He hands her a forged passport and papers to get out of the country but she throws them in the trash, not believing what he says about the imminent German invasion one bit. As the filming of the 'film within a film' is on the verge of completion, we see the two actors riding stationery bicycles with a moving image in the background. As was the usual practice in creating films in earlier days, the illusion of motion is created when the moving image flickers in the background but the object in the foreground is static. Thus, the bicyclist becomes a symbol for the man who pedals furiously but is actually going nowhere. That man is the Czech everyman of 1938 who desperately wishes to escape his tragic circumstances but in reality remains motionless, trapped by the forces of tyranny. Throughout the film, we catch glimpses of the film's protagonist, Emil, pedaling furiously, superimposed over the screen's larger canvas. Hana is married to Emil, a journalist, who is conscripted by collaborating Czech officials, to serve as a radio announcer for the occupying German forces. A colleague at the radio station, Franta, will not keep quiet and he is taken away presumably by the Gestapo and later executed. Emil, no hard core collaborator, chooses to accept the job working as the mouthpiece for the Nazis in order to save his wife from being deported to the death camps. Emil's boss at the radio station is a Nazi sympathizer who offers him the job with the agreement that no one will bother him about his wife as long as she remains holed up in their apartment. Soon, Emil has become popular hosting a cultural program in Prague entitled, "Voices of Our Home". Meanwhile Hana becomes bored sitting at home and jeopardizes Emil's position by leaving their apartment, usually attending the cinema. Hana is not depicted as one who is to be pitied—rather, she is a narcissist who refuses to accept her position as a Jew in Nazi-occupied Czechoslovakia as well as living under the illusion that she is someone important—the up-and-coming film star that she used to be. Emil begins having an affair with a former colleague at the station who is now engaged to his boss. Meanwhile Hana starts hanging out with a former medical student and now a morphine-addicted projectionist. He wants to go to bed with her but she resists his advances, eventually allowing him, however, to take pictures of her in the nude. At this point in the film, things slow down considerably since Hana is no longer talking to Emil with the conflict between the two principals, grinding to a halt. The plot picks up when Hana's former co-star shows up at their apartment having just escaped from a death transport . Emil is horrified that Hana allows him to take a bath in the apartment and throws him out on the street. Enraged at Emil for throwing her ex-colleague out, Hana dons her blond wig and adopts the persona of her character from her movie and crashes Emil's boss's wedding. Emil is on the verge of being fired for his 'transgression' when Reich Protector Heydrich is assassinated by Czech partisans. Nazi soldiers do a house-to-house search and discover Hana is in the apartment. When they realize who Emil is, they take no action against Hana, despite the fact that the soldiers know she is Jewish. Later the Nazis broadcast a description of a bicycle used by one of the partisans who has killed Heydrich. Emil has another affair with a ditsy gossip columnist and takes her family's bicycle back to his apartment and attempts to hide it; this leads Hana to believe that Emil has switched sides and is now helping the partisans. Now Emil's boss orders him to prove his loyalty by reading a loyalty oath over the airwaves after the Heydrich assassination places all Czech citizens in jeopardy. Meanwhile, Hana has come down to earth after she escapes arrest during the house-to-house search. She packs her belongings and turns herself into the authorities. Emil decides not to show up at the broadcast to read the loyalty oath and goes looking for Hana. In the final scene, Emil finds her in a crowd of Jews being marched to the death transports; as he stands impassively, preventing the group from marching forward, Nazi soldiers club him in the head, pushing him off to the side of the road.
1424603	A washed-up TV action hero — who at the peak of his career was ceremonially deputized by local law enforcement — falsely believes he can solve crimes in real life. His student Jason  becomes his sidekick.
19703899	Britney Spears is an American singer, song-writer, dancer, entertainer, actress and occasional author. The documentary reveals Spears most intimate moments in the span of 60 days, from the beginning of her much publicized meltdown, until how she returned to the music spotlight. She also reflects on past decisions, saying "I'm a smart person...What the hell was I thinking?!" For the Record includes footage from her appearance at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards, going into the recording studio, to the video shoots of her singles "Womanizer and "Circus"—songs off her sixth studio album, Circus—to rehearsals, and press tours. Madonna also makes a special appearance and commentary.<ref namehttp://www.mtv.com/news/articles/1596736/20081009/spears_britney.jhtml|titleVena|first2008-09-08|publisher2008-09-10}}{{cite news}} Spears talked about her feelings toward the conservatorship her father contains and how she feels about her life, and quotes "There's no excitement, there's no passion...I have really good days, and then I have bad days. Even when you go to jail, you know there's the time when you're gonna get out. But in this situation, it's never ending. It's just like Groundhog Day every day."<ref namehttp://www.eonline.com/uberblog/b69377_britney_spears_life_like_groundhog_day.html|titleGicas|first2008-12-18|publisher2009-03-07}} Spears added "I think it's too in control, If I wasn't under the restraints I'm under, I'd feel so liberated. When I tell them the way I feel, it's like they hear but they're really not listening. I never wanted to become one of those prisoner people. I always wanted to feel free."{{cite news|urlBritney Spears On Kevin Federline: 'I Think I Married For All The Wrong Reasons'|lastJocelyn|dateMTV|accessdate"VenaMarried"/> "Sometimes you don't need to use words to go through what you need to go through," she continues. "Sometimes it's an emotion you need to feel when you dance, that you need to touch. And the only thing that can touch it is when you move a certain way."
12786966	Scott, a mounted Coast Guard officer, suffers from recurring nightmares involving a maritime tragedy. He sees himself immersed in an eerie landscape surrounded by a shipwreck and walking over skeletons at the bottom of the sea while a ghostly blond woman beckons him from afar. He thinks he is going mad. But at the same time, he decides to propose to Eve, a young woman working at Geddes, a local shipyard catering to the Coast Guard. She accepts. Eve has a strong resemblance to the ghostly blond of his nightmares. While riding by the seaside on his horse, Scott meets Peggy, a brunette, the mysterious wife of Tod, a blind painter. At first, though, he rides by her as she stands near a shipwreck protruding from the sand; she seems like an eerie echo from his nightmares. After a conversation, they discover that they share similar metaphysical anxieties. A bond develops between the two but the situation gets more tangled when Tod tries to befriend Scott. Tod's attitude toward Scott, apart from his friendship, is also ambivalent. The retired painter tries to test Peggy and Scott to gauge how far they could go in their relationship. Outwardly Tod seems confident; he even tells Peggy that he knows she could never leave him and that he finds Scott, a much younger man, virile but banal. However behind this facade lies a deeply wounded man who cannot come to terms with the fact that because of his blindness, he cannot paint any longer. In one exchange with Scott he tells him that dead painters' works always appreciate in value. Indeed, he expects the value of his paintings to increase, considering he is now 'dead' as a painter. Initially Scott is suspicious of Tod's motives; he also suspects that Tod is not blind. Scott is also increasingly interested in Peggy, who returns his attentions. During an outing that Scott sets up to test the painter, he moves Tod near the edge of a cliff, but then inadvertently lets him fall, thinking that he will be forced to see and therefore avoid the fall at the last minute. After this mishap, Tod eventually recovers. He at first thinks that Scott would now become his friend since the fall would remove any doubts about his true blindness. But soon after Tod exhibits abusive behavior toward Peggy when he realizes that she has hid his masterpiece, his portrait of her. Seeing this, Scott tries to protect her. As Scott grows more attracted to Peggy, he becomes ambivalent toward his earlier relationship with Eve Geddes. Eve in turn, sensing Scott's infatuation with Peggy, becomes distant and asks Scott to delay their marriage plans. The narrative reaches one climax when Scott attempts to drown both Tod and himself during a boat outing with him that started as a fishing trip. By trying to pierce the bottom of the boat, it's apparent that Scott has put himself in danger as well, since he would be swimming helpless in the stormy seas had he been successful at this attempt. This scene illustrates the degree of his desperation, if not madness. This attempt by Scott to drown Tod reveals the depth of his emotional attachment to Peggy. Scott's plan fails, however, because Peggy, who seemingly went along with his plan, has a change of heart and alerts the authorities. Both Tod and Scott are eventually rescued by the Coast Guard. Eve, part of the rescue team, echoes the metaphysical connection to the blonde of his undersea nightmare who beckoned Scott in his dreams. In the film's finale, Tod burns all his paintings along with the house he and Peggy lived in. Peggy frantically tries to stop Tod and save the paintings: they are worth a fortune. She fails, as Scott forces her out of the collapsing house. After they have moved safely away, Scott asks Tod why he did it. Tod says the paintings were a symbol of the obsession he had with his previous, sighted life. Now that Tod's obsession with his past has been purged, he is free to go on with his life. He asks Peggy to take him to New York, where they have happy memories of their earlier life together. Afterwards she may "do as she pleases". Peggy embraces Tod. Observing this, Scott leaves them.
3523090	François  returns to his village after a long absence. He finds his friend Serge  who has married Yvonne, and has developed an alcohol problem after the death of their stillborn child. Serge has become an angry, bitter figure not unlike the roles of James Dean, refusing to face reality and adulthood and François must help him.
20887118	{{long plot}} The opening scenes of The Plan occur just prior to the destruction of the Twelve Colonies in the televised miniseries, Battlestar Galactica. Humanoid Cylon John Cavil  is shown leading the planning for the genocidal attack on the human race. All of the seven "known" humanoid Cylons (Cavil, Leoben Conoy, D'Anna Biers, Simon, Aaron Doral, Six, and [[Number Eight  are present in the control room of the main Cylon base. Two versions of Cavil are shown in a Resurrection Ship, with the "Final Five" Cylons in stasis in resurrection chambers. The two versions of Cavil briefly discuss their plans for "teaching a lesson" to the Final Five , and one version of Cavil announces his intention to witness the destruction of humanity on the ground. This version of Cavil travels to the planet Picon, where he encounters Ellen Tigh  in a strip club. Other characters from the series are also depicted: Gaius Baltar  has a final meeting with Caprica Six; Samuel Anders  is shown at his Pyramid team's training camp along with the team doctor, who is Number Four/Simon ; and Tory Foster  is shown driving to an airport in an SUV-type vehicle. The destruction of the Twelve Colonies is depicted in a series of new special effects shots, with the Cylon Hybrid seemingly narrating the destruction in a typically convoluted but poetic way. Almost all of the planets of the Twelve Colonies are depicted in short scenes. Ellen Tigh is severely wounded in the nuclear attack on Picon, and Cavil helps her leave the planet aboard a Colonial Fleet rescue ship as he feels she still hasn't learned her lesson yet and thus cannot download and regain her memories. Aboard a civilian transport, Cavil torments the half-conscious woman with descriptions of his intent to destroy humanity.Simultaneous to the events of the first season episode "[[33 Tory Foster survives the nuclear attack as well, and is wounded when her car flips over in the blast, but seems to protect her enough to survive. Anders helps console his teammates in the mountainous region where they were training. Several scenes from the television miniseries are edited into The Plan, notably shots of: Colonial One in space; Lee Adama  helping survivors board Colonial One; Commander William Adama  and Colonel Saul Tigh ([[Michael Hogan  responding to the attack on the Twelve Colonies. Another Number Four/Simon is shown to hold a job as Colonial Fleet medic, and has a wife named Giana and a stepdaughter named Jemmy. In a scene from the end of the miniseries, Commander Adama enters his quarters to find a note informing him that there are only twelve Cylon models. A cut to Baltar implies that he left the note. Cavil later boards the Galactica itself, where he is mistaken for a priest. Calling himself "Brother Cavil," he takes over the Galactica's chapel. The creation of Galactica's "wall of remembrance" where survivors posted pictures and mementos of their dead or missing loved ones is depicted. Using religious fliers which talk about a "plan", Cavil covertly gathers the other cylons: two Sixes, one who is Shelly Godfrey , a Number Five  and a Number Two . Cavil tells them that he intends to continue his plan to utterly destroy the human race. He also tells them that there is a sleeper agent aboard the Galactica, a Number Eight ([[Grace Park , whom he also plans to use. Back on Cylon-occupied Caprica, Sam Anders and his teammates have fled their training center for more safe quarters. They spot Cylon Centurions collecting the parts of their fallen comrades. Later, Sam and his companions, having taken up refuge in an old military compound in the mountains, launch their first attack on the Cylons, losing several people in the successful attack.Depicted in the second season episode "Resistance" Sam and Jean Barolay later observe several Number Fives burying numerous dead human bodies, realize that Cylons have taken humanoid form, and resolve to attack them. They do so later, while a Cavil version supervises the Fives' work. Cavil plays dead and survives the attack unharmed. Mistakenly believing Cavil to be a human being, Sam and his friends take the "priest" with them back to their camp while Cavil is clearly shocked to see Anders. Back on the Galactica, the events of the first season episodes are depicted, in part."Water""Litmus""Six Degrees of Separation""Flesh and Bone" Using an elephant figurine, Brother Cavil triggers the original Cylon programming of the Number Eight known as Sharon "Boomer" Valerii. Cavil meets with Boomer to discuss ways in which she might cripple the Galactica, and Boomer comes up with a plan to bomb the ship's water storage facilities. As she tries to implement her plan, Boomer becomes increasingly distraught because she has fallen in love with Chief Galen Tyrol ([[Aaron Douglas . Some of the previously unknown backstory of "Water" is depicted. Cavil becomes angry when the Number Five known as Aaron Doral is exposed as a Cylon. He demands that the Number Five he has been meeting with attempt to kill Commander Adama. He does so . The Number Two, meanwhile, works to listen in on Colonial Fleet communications, and becomes convinced that Kara "Starbuck" Thrace  holds some special purpose for the humanoid Cylons. He begins to paint the nebula depicted in Season Three episodes."The Eye of Jupiter" Cavil, realizing that the Number Two known as Leoben Conoy has had his identity compromised , demands that the Number Two turn himself over to the humans and attempt to deceive or kill them. He does so . When Boomer's plan to deprive the Fleet of water fails , Cavil demands that Boomer kill Commander Adama. She first attempts suicide, and later purposefully botches the assassination attempt."Kobol's Last Gleaming" Cavil, worried about Dr. Baltar's attempt to develop a Cylon detection machine, orders the Number Six known as Shelly Godfrey to frame Baltar for treason. She does so, but her attempt fails when she purposefully turns an amateurishly manipulated series of security tapes over to Commander Adama.Depicted in scene from the episode "Six Degrees of Separation" Her identity compromised, Cavil orders the Six into an airlock and kills her . Cally Henderson's assassination of Boomer is depicted as well. In desperation, Cavil orders the Number Four known as Simon to destroy the ship on which he lives with his family. Distraught at the idea of killing the people he loves, Simon attempts to turn his wife against him. Overcome by guilt, he reunites with her and then commits suicide by rigging an airlock to jettison himself into space, while outside of Resurrection range. In the aftermath of Simon's suicide, there is concern that he might have been a Cylon. But his wife, Giana, reveals that he left a suicide note. Nonetheless, when Simon is revealed by Kara Thrace to be a Cylon After the events of the second season episode "The Farm", some scenes of which are shown here Giana seeks solace from Chief Tyrol—who is beginning to suspect that he himself might be a Cylon.Depicted in the second season episode "Lay Down Your Burdens" Meanwhile, back on Cylon-occupied Caprica, the other version of Cavil has ingratiated himself with Sam Anders. Cavil has ordered the Number Four to attempt to kill members of Sam's team, but none have died and Cavil criticizes the Four's actions. Cavil himself tries to undermine Sam's fragile psychological well-being, but Sam rejects Cavil's counsel. Starbuck returns to Caprica and meets the stranded Colonial pilot Karl "Helo" Agathon.As depicted in scenes from "Kobol's Last Gleaming," "Resistance," and "The Farm,". Karl "Helo" Agathon played by actor Tahmoh Penikett, shown in existing footage. The two run into Anders' team, Cavil makes a failed attempt to trick Sam into thinking they are Cylons and attacking them. Helo and Starbuck join them and attack a local Cylon base. Starbuck is wounded, taken captive by the Cylons, and subjected to various breeding experiments. Anders, Helo, and the others rescue her, discovering that Simon is a Cylon in the process.Depicted in the episode "The Farm" Later, after Starbuck and Helo have been away from Caprica for months and return to rescue Anders' group with Galactica troops, Cavil tries to assassinate Starbuck and Anders but finds that he cannot pull the trigger of his rifle, still thinking about Anders comment that death wouldn't make him love people any less. When the Cylon Centurions attack, Cavil is forced to hide with the rest of the humans. The Centurions break off their attack. That night, Cavil sneaks from the human camp to meet with a Number Six who informs him that the Cylons have agreed to end their attacks on the human race. Cavil, who has changed his mind about humanity, agrees to pass on the message to the humans despite the Cavils voting against peace. Cavil returns to the human camp, and the humans leave the next day for the Galactica. Meanwhile, Brother Cavil is bedeviled by the repeated appearance of a young boy named John  in his chapel. Initially, Cavil just kicks him out. But over time, Cavil appears to warm to the boy. He begins talking to him, learning the boy's name and that the boy's parents no longer want him. Cavil soon begins to feed the boy, and allows him to sleep in the chapel. One day, the boy brings Cavil the gift of an apple, and Cavil asks him if they are friends. The boy just shrugs in response. Cavil says relying on friends is dangerous and stabs him with a knife, murdering him. The Plan ends with "Caprica Cavil" arriving aboard the Galactica, and unwittingly exposing himself and Brother Cavil as humanoid Cylons . This time it's shown that he does it on purpose to stop Brother Cavil's plans. Brother Cavil is brought to the brig protesting that he is not a Cylon until he sees Caprica Cavil already in the brig, at which point he stops pretending. Caprica Cavil announces that the Cylons have voted to give the humans "a reprieve" because they have decided that their attempts at genocide were an error. They have left the colonies and will stop hunting the humans  The two Cavils argue while on their way to the airlock. Brother Cavil is in disbelief that the Cylons have decided to leave the humans alone, and continues to argue for their destruction. But Caprica Cavil asserts that Brother Cavil does not understand the nature of love. He says that the Final Five loved humanity, and that Brother Cavil is jealous of this love. Brother Cavil, he claims, does not understand that God and the Final Five will love humanity even more if the human race is extinguished. As they are escorted to the airlock, the Cavils see all of the Final Five Cylons watching them. They admit that this wasn't the reunion they had expected. The two Cavils are then ejected into space. Beforehand, Brother Cavil reveals that there is a second Resurrection Ship nearby and they will download when they die. He plans to box Caprica Cavil and then destroy humanity once and for all, indicating that Galactica Cavil is in fact the same copy that was the main enemy throughout season four. Caprica Cavil quietly tells his other self that he knows how terrifying death can be, and offers his hand, which Brother Cavil takes. The two are ejected, and float out past the fleet. The film ends with this scene overlaid with John Cavil's fourth-season tirade lamenting his human-like body and desiring to be more like a machine so that he could "see gamma rays, hear x-rays, smell dark matter...and feel the solar wind of a super-nova" flowing over him."No Exit" - Season 4, Episode 15
3723154	Philipp Wermeer has been framed for the murder of a powerful figure known as The Patriarch. Wermeer escapes, but the three Saxon brothers, sons of The Patriarch, have arranged for a large bounty on Wermeer's head. Clayton is a grizzled ex-sheriff stripped of his office in Jefferson after refusing to acknowledge Wermeer's guilt. During a series of fire-fights, Clayton contrives to help Wermeer escape from attacks of bounty-hunters. Together, the two make their way to Saxon City, where they can confront the three powerful Saxon brothers, and reveal the surprising truth about who killed The Patriarch. The film's music was composed by future Academy Award winner Luis Enríquez Bacalov. The film's title score was later used in Quentin Tarantino's film Kill Bill Vol. 1.
2274938	Alice L. Hardy , the only survivor of a murder rampage at Crystal Lake, is brutally murdered when Jason Voorhees stabs her in the temple with an ice pick after she discovers the severed head of Pamela Voorhees  in her refrigerator. Five years later, a group of teenagers come to Camp Crystal Lake to reopen the site and set up a new camp. As Paul Holt , the head counselor, tells the story of Jason, one of his friends leaps out of the woods in an attempt to scare the counselors. After regaining their composure, Paul tells the counselors that Jason is dead. However, Jason, whose face is shielded by a burlap sack, is stalking them. While standing by a tree, Crazy Ralph is killed when Jason garrotes him with a chunk of barbed wire. Officer Winslow is next to be victim, and is killed with a set of claws from a hammer into his head. Jason then begins to attack and kill the counselors. He kills the troublemaker, Scott, by hanging him by his feet before slitting his throat with a machete. He then kills his female companion, Terry, off screen. A wheelchair bound counselor named Mark is killed by Jason, when he is struck with a machete in the face, and falls backwards in his wheelchair down a flight of stairs in the rain. With a spear in hand, Jason moves up to where lovers Sandy and Jeff are having sex. Sneaking into the room, he impales the couple with the spear going all the way through the bed and to the floor. An investigating Vicki is murdered with a kitchen knife into her stomach after she is slashed in her right leg. A survivor, Ginny Field ([[Amy Steel , is pursued by Jason into the woods and finds his shack containing a shrine to his mother with the severed and mummified head of Pamela Voorhees on top of the shrine, surrounded by numerous candles and mutilated corpses, including the body of the recently murdered Terry and, most gruesome of all, the decomposed body of the long dead Alice. When she hears him approaching, a frantic Ginny locks Jason out, but he breaks in wielding a pick ax. Ginny's quick thinking allows her to dress in Pamela's sweater and manipulate Jason's low intelligence to think she is his reincarnated mother long enough to kill him in a surprise attack and escape. Unfortunately, Jason wises up after he sees his mother's severed head, and attacks Ginny. Paul suddenly arrives, and wrestles with Jason. As Jason is about to kill Paul, Ginny drives a machete in Jason's shoulder allowing them to escape. They, armed with a broken pitchfork, hide in a cabin. While they are distracted over Terry's dog wandering in, a still alive Jason breaks in through a window, finally revealing his hideous, deformed face. After a time, Ginny later wakes in an ambulance with no recollection of how she escaped, leaving Jason on the loose and the ultimate fate of Paul unclear. The final shot shows Mrs. Voorhees' head showing that Jason's murderous rampage is not over yet.
14983036	The film opens with an elegantly attired "woman" with short hair as she finishes dressing for a visitor. As the "lady" completes her boudoir, she lifts her skirts to reveal a thick patch of pubic hair. At this point, an intertitle reveals that the screenwriter is "Oscar Wild" . The "lady" goes into the drawing room and offers her well-attired gentleman caller  a drink. He refuses it, and she drinks the cocktail. They talk briefly, and then engage in passionate kissing. Whenever the gentleman caller puts his hands on the "lady's" breasts or genitals, "she" pushes his hand away. Finally, she slaps him coyly. The "lady" then apologizes for her aggressiveness by fellating her partner. The "lady" then lies face-down on the sofa with her buttocks in the air. It is revealed that she has no underwear on. The gentleman caller then copulates the "lady" anally . After a minute or so, the gentleman withdraws and sits back on the sofa. The "lady" gyrates her buttocks in the air. This induces him to mount her anally again. Both individuals reach orgasm, and the gentleman caller walks off-camera. The "lady" stands and raises her skirts to reveal that "she" is really a he. The film's second and final intertitle announces "Surprise." His penis is exposed. The man in drag then dances about briefly, making sure that his penis bobs up and down in the air. The gentleman caller re-enters the camera's view, and helps the other man remove his skirt and most of his other clothing. The gentleman caller  dances briefly with the nude young man. After a jump cut, the "lady"—now dressed completely in business attire—walks back on screen, winks at the audience, and walks off screen.
3147170	The film follows the concept of a play within a play, in this case a dreadful farce Nothing On — the type of production in which many doors continually open and shut. The setting has been transplanted from the backcountry of Great Britain to Des Moines, Iowa, where a second-rate theatrical troupe is preparing to perform the Broadway-bound play under the direction of Lloyd Fellowes. Among the cast members are fading star Dotty Otley, scatter-brained actor Garry Lejuene, insecure matinee hearthrob Frederick Dallas, myopic leading lady Brooke Ashton, second female lead Belinda Blair, and alcoholic character actor Selsdon Mawbray. Frantically working behind the scenes are Tim Allgood and Poppy Taylor. The film opens with the final dress rehearsal before opening night, with the cast still forgetting lines, missing cues, and mishandling props. Lloyd is reduced to cajoling, yelling at, and pleading with them to get things right. Complicating matters are the personal problems and backstage relationships that have fostered jealousy and petty squabbling and intruded upon any professionalism this motley crew can muster. As the company works its way to New York City, the eccentricities of the cast come to the fore and the performances on the road dissolve into chaos on and backstage.
7529479	Shivan  an aspiring designer's hopes crash when he lands up with the responsibility of looking after his mother and younger brothers with his father's sudden death. Since his father dies while in service, Shivan is forced to take up his father's job as a fire service man. He meets Thavamani , a beautiful rustic while on a posting in a village and they fall in love. But the girl's father  and the whole village are against the lovers. How the lovers' fight against all odds and win form the rest of this love story.
29049575	Rival drug dealers struggle to make ends meet in the crime filled streets of Baton Rouge. Unaware that they are family, two young men from different sides of town wage a war on with each other that eventually culminates in a strong union.
8665259	The Plot focuses on Dante Alighieri, a young man who loves smoking. When his father dies Dante inherits 17 million kr on one special condition: He must give up smoking in 14 days and then stay smoke-free for an entire year. If he fails, his uncle inherits the 17 million instead. Dante has a living hell while trying to quit, and hires a private detective agency called Little Secret Service who he gives free hands to stop him from smoking, While his uncle, who has taken up smoking himself, also does everything he can to make Dante smoke again.
31844153	Communist conspiracies seem to be everywhere in the 1950s, particularly in Washington, D.C., where word has reached John Rogers, the secretary of the U.S. Navy, that one of his subordinates is strongly suspected to be a Communist sympathizer. Bernie Goldsmith has no idea that he is the man in question as he enjoys his daughter's school essay on patriotism. The news that he is being suspended from work and investigated comes as a complete shock to him. Friends and neighbors, including a minister and the mayor, rally to Bernie's side after others begin to shun him. Joe DiMarco agrees to represent him in court, where a female lieutenant, Mary Jane McCoy, paints a suspicious picture of Bernie in the Navy's eyes. Joe's diligent work results in conclusive testimony that Bernie is not a Communist and all charges against him are dismissed. A grateful Bernie can't wait to be reinstated at work. Secretary Rogers, however, has stubbornly decided that he still cannot trust the man after everything he has heard. Months go by, with Bernie unable to find gainful employment with the Navy or anyplace else. Those who believe in Bernie go to great lengths again to get the Secretary to finally apologize and restore an innocent man's good name.
9734319	Meenakshi  is a widow living with her son Nandu. Jeeva , living in the same colony, has been pining silently for her for the last 4 years. He runs an organization called A-to-Z, which can get anything done for anybody. Jeeva follows Divya  get some information on her for her suitor but she ends up falling for him and pursues him relentlessly. He avoids her, telling her that he is already in love with someone else and when cornered, reveals that it is Meenakshi. This leads to some surprising revelations about Meenakshi's past, Meenakshi is a music student of Haridas ([[Karthik . Haridas has a child, whose mother  died giving birth to him. Their mutual respect is mistaken for romance by her father  and Haridas is killed in the fracas. Later Meena vows to live like a widow, taking care of Karthik's child. However, that very day, Jeeva and his parents were about to see Meenakshi as a prospective bride. When Jeeva sees this scene unfolding before his eyes, he starts admiring her courage. Despite his parents' protests, he assures Meenakshi's father that he would make her change her mind and that he would marry her. But Meenakshi's worl turns upside down when Divya's father, a staunch supporter of love marriage, kidnaps Nandu and asks Jeeva to marry Divya. Jeeva of course accepts and things are then resolved in the climax.
10016740	The only brother ([[Ayub Khan  of a young woman, Roopa , returns to Chandanpur to arrange her marriage. A festival is arranged in the happiness of Roopa's marriage, however Chandanpur's happiness is short-lived, as the village is raided by a group of terrorists. The leader of the terrorists, Gujjar, , murders the politician, and to make matters worse,Roopa's beauty catches the eye of Gujjar. However, as Gujjar attempts to escape with the terrified Roopa, her brother comes to her rescue, only to be slain, much to the horror of the village, especially Roopa. Also, her best friend, Gopal , is killed too, much to the dismay of Gopal's mother . Roopa, enraged by the fact that her brother and Gopal are no more, vows avenge. Gujjar threatens Roopa that she will only be his mistress and will never be able to have a brother nor lover. Enraged, Roopa attempts to commit suicide by jumping into a waterfall as she finds it better to kill herself rather than be a mistress. Destiny has other plans as Roopa survives and she steals the clothes of Kishan , a theatre actor. Kishan works with his best friend, truck driver, Shankar . When Kishan meets Roopa for the first time, he is smitten by her beauty and falls in love with her. Kishan decides to make Roopa the heroine of their dance show, however, Shankar warns him that Roopa will bring them in trouble. With no option, Roopa travels with them, and she tries to escape, but returns when chased by the gang and a drunk who tries to rape her. However, Roopa is saved by Shankar and Kishan. Roopa feigns love for Kishan, who wants to marry her, and the two men agree to help her return to Chandanpur. When Kishan is going to marry Roopa, who feels guilty over her betrayal, led, she tells them her story. Shankar becomes her brother, while Kishan, heartbroken, leaves in disgust. Roopa and Shankar return to Chandanpur, where Shankar mobilises the village. Another carnival is arranged. The villains' attack as planned. Kishan returns but Roopa is kidnapped. The friends give chase and are captured. Eventually good prevails and the outlaws meet a glory end. Roopa is united with her brother Shankar and her lover Kishan. At the end Kishan and Roopa get married and while driving the truck Shankar happens to meet Champakali Aishwarya Rai and Kishan and Roopa watch them.
28983795	The film depicts the fictional Mansouri family who start a restaurant in Kabul named The Poet's Corner, where artists and writers meet.{{cite news}}
22829	The film's graveyard prologue is a recreation of the opening scene from Ed Wood's then-unreleased 1958 film Night of the Ghouls. Criswell reprises his role from the earlier film. The action begins when a young couple, Bob  and Shirley  survive a car crash only to find themselves tied to posts in a misty cemetery where they are forced to watch dead spirits dance for the Emperor of the Night played by Criswell . Ten striptease performances by topless dancers from beyond the grave outfitted in various motifs comprise most of this movie. The Wolf Man  and The Mummy are also tossed in for comic relief. Barrington doubles as the blond Gold Girl (inspired by Shirley Eaton in [[Goldfinger  while her red-headed "Shirley" character watches her perform. Criswell's undead consort, the sexy Black Ghoul, was written for Maila Nurmi, a.k.a. Vampira, but was instead played by Fawn Silver, who wore a black bouffant wig.
9141521	In a seedy bar in a town ravaged by war, scientist and businessman Hunt  hires mercenary and former Royal Marine D.C. ([[Ray Stevenson  to assemble a crack team of ex-soldiers, Prior , Jordan ([[Paul Blair , Cotter , Voytech , McKay  and Taktarov , to protect him on a dangerous journey into no-man's land. Their mission is to scope out an old military bunker in Eastern Europe. It should be easy – 48 hours at the most, and highly paid. Once at the outpost, the men make a horrific discovery that turns their mission on its head – the scene of a bloody and gruesome series of experiments, carried out by the SS, in reality shifting and reanimation during World War II to create invincible soldiers. . Amidst the carnage, they find a survivor . At night, the clearing around the bunker is suddenly lit up, and silhouettes of people are seen amongst the light. Soon after, a member of their team called Tak goes missing and is gruesomely killed by an unseen foe. Later the same night Voyteche is killed by two Nazis. The next morning his and Tak's dead bodies are found linked together by the head, and Tak's containing a spent round in his skull. D.C. receives answers regarding the assignment from Hunt, which was that an unnamed corporation wanted Hunt to find and recover a large generator-like device which was responsible for the SS's reality-shifting experiments. D.C. orders Cotter to retrieve Hunt from the generator room. However, while trying to convince Hunt to come with him, an SS soldier with a pickaxe kills Cotter. It is revealed that the survivor the mercenaries recovered was actually a surviving SS brigadier general, with Prior killing the officer, the "breather" comes back to life and MacKay speaks his last words of "You're hummin' my balls!", and is killed. The mercenaries and Hunt attempt to evacuate the outpost only to be killed by the undead German army. A second corporate team arrives 72 hours later to carry out the same assignment, only to "find a breather" among the piles of naked corpses and face the illuminated soldiers surrounding the bunker, in the distance stands the brigadier general who gives the SS soldiers a nod and they begin their assault on the team before the credits roll.
12333653	Undercover San Francisco narcotics cops Sean Kane  and Dave Pierce  head into a dark alley to meet up with an informant by the name of Tony Montoya  who promises to break their big investigation wide open by providing the name of the oriental drug ringleader. Minutes later, Pierce is dead after having been shot, hit by a car, and burned. Kane gets into trouble with his boss, Captain Stevens , for sending one of the killers flying out a third story window to his death in full public view right after the incident. Rather than face discipline, and told to keep his distance by his superiors, Kane now decides to quit the force, and sets out to exact vengeance. Kane is not the only one who is angry; Dave’s girlfriend, reporter Linda Chan , is too, and she vows to bring the drug gang down herself by way of investigative reporting and public exposure. However, when Linda uncovers the secret that Kane and Pierce never found, she, too, is killed. Now Kane is not just angry; he is furious, and so is Linda's grieving father James Chan . Kane vows to get to the bottom of things himself and bring down the drug gang, which is led by Morgan Canfield .
34506820	Depressed by the recent death of his parents and losing his job, Nico; an ordinary 26 year old, decides to take refuge in his house for six months. Until that feared day when the media announces the end of the world is soon coming, caused by a gigantic meteorite crash, Nico is convinced by his close friend Carlos to come with him to Nosara, a beautiful beach on the Pacific coast, the only place where they were ever happy. So this is where their journey begins, where they will find a meaning to their lives, along with other interesting characters on the way.
11627124	Tirupathi  is a brilliant man who wants to become a realtor, much to the chagrin of his father , who doesn't support his goal. Eventually Tirupati wins the heart of a rich girl, Priya , sister of a business tycoon and villainous Guru . He realizes his ambition in real estate. The Guru wants him to drop his sister; Tirupati in return demands money. The villain gives him a cheque from a dubious bank. However, Tirupathi gets his money as he blackmails the heroine's brother, threatening to expose some photos. The villain also plans an IT raid on Tirupathi's companies. However, that plan backfires. Then Guru tries to get his sister married to another, but the hero marries her. The story ends with Tirupathi returning all the money taken from the Guru, who finally accepts the marriage.
1307956	Ned Kynaston  is one of the leading actors of his day, famed for his portrayal of female characters, particularly Desdemona in Othello. His loyal dresser, Maria , longs to perform on stage but is forbidden to do so by a law enacted by the Puritans prior to the return of the House of Stuart to the throne. She fulfills her desire by appearing in plays presented in a local tavern under the name Margaret Hughes. Word of her performances spread and the novelty of a woman on stage draws the attention of Sir Charles Sedley , who offers to be her patron, and eventually the attention of King Charles II  himself. Kynaston's rant against allowing women on stage is overheard by Nell Gwynn , an aspiring actress and Charles II's mistress, and she literally seduces Charles into banning men from playing female roles. As a result, Kynaston loses his lover, George Villiers , the Duke of Buckingham, and the acceptance of London society. Unable to shake the feminine characteristics he has perfected over the years, he is reduced to performing bawdy songs in drag in music halls, while Maria's career thrives, though her abilities leave much to be desired, as she bases everything she does on Kynaston's performances. When Maria is called upon to portray Desdemona for the king, she panics and implores Kynaston to coach her. Not only does he agree, but he insists on replacing company head Thomas Betterton in the role of the titular protagonist. In doing so, he discovers his ability to portray a male character, while Maria evolves from an actress of middling talent to an acclaimed theatrical star.
34410222	A series of interweaving stories that tell the journey of a handgun as it passes from one owner to another.{{cite web}}
6009073	A stranger's call informs Roberta  that her estranged brother Frank has died in a small town under bizarre circumstances. Ben, his best friend from college, also gets the call. Arriving just in time for his funeral, it becomes quickly obvious to them that the little slice of small-town America in which they find themselves is like an episode of The Twilight Zone featuring Frank's eccentric friends, his amazing secrets and his stunning final request. Both Ben and Roberta are shocked to discover that Frank not only had a child, but that he has left them responsible for his son's care. Through a series of comic events, each tries to foist off responsibility on the other.
3177319	Stan and Ollie are down to their last six bucks and call a lift to a job agency to find work. A City Water Dept. truck driver offers them a lift and drenches them with water as a joke and leaves them behind. They finally arrive in a badly damaged car that has been towed away. At the job agency a call comes from Mrs. Vandeveer looking for a maid and butler to help at a dinner party she is holding that night. Ollie tells the receptionist they can fill the post and to leave it to them. They arrive and Stan is dressed in drag, pretending to be the maid "Agnes". At the dinner party, Stan eats the nibbles he is supposed to be giving to the guests and tips the rest into Mrs. Vandeveer's lap. Ollie calls the guests to the meal with a hand held xylophone. He says "there is everything From Soup To Nuts folks, come and get it". Stan is told to take the cocktails and instead of clearing them away he drinks them and becomes drunk. Ollie gets the guests to sit down with the men on one side and the women on the other side of the table. Mr. Vandeveer tells Ollie to change the seating arrangement and Ollie begins to move the guests around for a while until Mr. Vandeveer gets impatient and tells them to sit anywhere they like at the table. Mr. Vandeveer then tells the drunken Stan to "serve up the salad without dressing" so Stan serves the salad in his underwear. Seeing this, Mr. Vandeveer angrily storms into another room to take a rifle. Mrs. Vandeveer arrives, having changed her dress, and faints at the sight of Stan. Mr Vandeveer returns, rifle in hand, and chases Stan and Ollie out of the house. A single gunshot is heard and Mr. Vandeveer returns, followed by a policeman, who tells him, "why don't you be more careful, you almost blew my brains out". When the cop turns to leave, the seat of his pants have a large jagged hole ripped in them, revealing smouldering undershorts. Stan and Ollie then become road sweepers and wonder why they are always in the gutter. They decide to get an education because in Stan's words "we're not illiterative enough". They are sitting outside the Farmers & Merchants Bank of Commerce building eating a packed lunch, while a robbery is taking place inside. They inadvertently catch the robber when he slips on a banana peel tossed on the street by Stan. A grateful bank manager offers them a reward by suggesting that they could have a job in his bank. When Oliver mentions they would not be much use since he and Stan do not have an education, the bank president expands on their goal to attend night school by saying, "If it's an education you want, you shall have the finest education money can buy." He enrolls Stan and Ollie at Oxford University in England, and they depart the U.S. towards Oxford by steamship. When Stan and Ollie arrive at the university, the snobby undergraduate students, led by the mischievous Johnson  decide to give them the "royal initiation," which involves a number of pranks. They are sent off into a maze in order to get a pass to see the dean and quickly became lost. One of the students  dresses as a ghost in order to frighten Stan and Ollie, and while they sit on a bench to sleep, the ghost's hand comes through the hedge to help Stan smoke his pipe and cigar . They spend all night in the maze and exit the next morning. Johnson poses as the dean and gives Stan and Ollie the real dean's quarters to live in. They make themselves at home only to be confronted by the dean. The prank is uncovered and Johnson is due to expelled. Before this happens the students decide to run Stan and Ollie out so they can't give evidence against Johnson. The boys are taken to their real quarters where Meredith the valet recognises Stan as Lord Paddington, the "greatest athlete and scholar the university ever had". He says that Lord Paddington had lost his memory when the window fell on his head and wandered from campus. Stan and Ollie dismiss his story as a "dizzy spell". The students arrive and decide to throw Stan and Ollie out of the window. Stan and Ollie decide to escape through the window and in doing so the window falls on Stan's head, which transforms him back into Lord Paddington. When the students accuse him of "squealing", he becomes angry and his ears wiggle—something that occurs whenever Lord Paddington becomes angry, according to Meredith's story—after which he throws all of the students out of the window. However, Stan does not remember Ollie any longer so he becomes furious when Ollie tells him of his former life and throws Ollie out the window as well. Lord Paddington takes pity on Ollie and employs him to be his personal valet. He calls Ollie by the nickname "Fatty" and criticises him which makes Ollie so angry he quits his job. Stan hears students come to cheer him outside and as he looks out of the window it falls on him once again, returning him back to his usual self.
22457596	The story takes place at East Great Falls High, eleven years after the events of American Pie. The new protagonists of this movie are three brand new hapless virgins: Rob , Nathan  and Lube . One night Rob accidentally sets fire to the school library, and finds "the Bible" , the creation of Mr. Levinstein . Unfortunately for them, the book is ruined. The book had incomplete advice and sends them on a helpless journey to lose their virginity. After trying and failing for most of the time, they pledge to restore the book, and to do this, they must find Levenstein and all the other people who wrote in the book, and start the restoration. The story begins with Rob entering his bedroom, and attempting to masturbate with a peanut butter sandwich . While he is doing this his dog, Frizzie, tries to eat the sandwich, and Rob's little brother Cody takes a video of him receiving this unwanted sexual gratification. Later, Rob meets with his friends, Nathan and Marshall Lube, at school. Nathan reveals that his girlfriend, Dana, has pledged to abstain from sex until marriage despite the fact that she has already slept with six other people. Rob talks to Heidi, a girl he is attracted to, and Stifler. Stifler states that if Rob doesn't make a move on Heidi, he will. In class, Lube has a vivid fantasy about a group of cheerleaders, particularly one named Ashley. Rob and Heidi meet later in the school library where she discloses that she is a virgin, and wishes to just "get it [sex] over with". At the school dance, Nathan tries to get to second base with Dana, but only manages to offend her due to her abstinance pledge. Rob attempts to tell Heidi how he feels about her but is interrupted by Nathan and Lube. He eventually finds her in the library about to have sex with another student, and drops a lit candle in a bin in shock. This sets the library on fire, which sets off the water sprinklers. The next day, when Rob and Heidi are cleaning the library, Rob finds a secret compartment containing 'The Bible' . He shows the book to his friends Nathan and Lube and explains that it is a sex manual that has been compiled over forty years by the students who found it. The book is regarded as legendary, but unfortunately has been damaged by the water. Later in the local mall, Rob attempts to test a tip in the book; 'Simple Flattery'. He approaches Ashley in a lingerie store and complements her. Ashley leads him into a changing room, takes off her bra and top, and makes him steal a bra for her. Unfortunately Rob is caught and forced to pay for the bra with his mom's credit card. Meanwhile, Nathan goes to Dana's church service to talk to her, but accidentally broadcasts the explicit and highly personal conversation to the entire congregation on the church's PA system. Dana's father then bans Dana from seeing Nathan. When she receives her credit card bill, Rob's mom tries to talk to him about buying underwear, prompting Rob to sarcastically say that he likes wearing womens' underwear. He is again filmed by his little brother, who again posts the footage on the internet for the whole school to see. The next day, Heidi, Imogen and Dana are spectating at a school basketball game in which Rob and Stifler are playing. A girl called Katie tries to talk to Stifler, but he brushes her off. Rob again attempts to tell Heidi how he feels, but is unable to. Lube discovers a page in The Bible which tells of a brothel in Canada and a prostitute, Monique, who is very experienced. The entry was written in 1975, but Lube misreads the date as 1995, and they decide to visit. When they meet Monique the boys are disgusted, but Nathan states that they should go for it anyway. Nathan and Lube make Rob go first, but Monique dies while performing oral sex on him. They panic and drive back to the USA. Rob and Heidi are once gain in the library where Rob finally tells her he is attracted to her. Heidi says she feels the same, and they agree to meet at Stifler's party later. At the party Heidi hears Rob shout "Tonight, I'm getting laid!", and runs upstairs. Stifler again brushes off Katie when she tries to talk to him. Lube tells Ashley how he feels about her, giving a speech on how he guarantees sexual satisfaction, but she still turns him down. Ashley's friend is impressed with his promise and tells Lube to meet her upstairs, but when she finds an offensive text on his phone she storms out. Nathan attempts to reconcile with Dana but offends her, making her leave once again. Rob finds Heidi in bed with Stifler and leaves the room. Heidi follows him downstairs, but Rob refuses to talk to her and begins to drink heavily. He declares "only assholes get laid!" and then behaves crudely to a random girl, who promptly goes to bed with him. She asks him to have sex with her from behind, but he hallucinates and sees Heidi saying; "You aren't seriously going to stick your dick in that, are you?". Rob then throws up on the girl's back. The next morning his mother asks him if he drove home drunk, and shows him a film she received on her phone of Rob throwing up on the girl the night before. In an attempt to restore The Bible, Rob and his friends resolve to find all of the people who originally wrote it in order to recreate it, starting with the original creator, Noah Levenstein. They eventually succeed in recreating the book. Rob and his friends then go on the school ski trip. In a log cabin where a few students are playing strip poker, Katie again attempts to talk to Stifler, who again brushes her off. She bets Stifler that if she wins at poker he has to apologise to her and run naked in the snow. Stifler loses and is forced to apologise and go outside naked, where he is humped by a moose while the others laughed at him. The next morning while Stifler is resting due to last night's ordeal, Imogen keeps him company and the two forms a bond. The other students are riding up the mountain in gondola ski lifts, but Nathan has sex with Dana in the lift control room and accidentally shut off the lifts' power. In one lift, Rob and Heidi reconcile and kiss. Ashley and Lube are in another lift, where Lube falls out when trying to go for help. When Ashley climbs down to him, Lube tells her how he really feels about her, moving her to tears. Heidi and Rob return to the cabin and have sex. Lube and Ashley also go back to the cabin and have sex. The story ends with Rob, Nathan and Lube returning the newly-restored Bible to where Rob found it, after Rob has added his signature to it. As a finale, Rob's brother, Cody, enters his bedroom to find an online film of him putting a vacuum cleaner on his penis. To his horror it has been viewed almost 10 million times. Rob ends the film with the words "Gotchaaaaa, ha ha".
27972540	Set in contemporary Singapore, Gurushetram - 24 Hours of Anger, is a sinuously provocative, edge-of-your-seat thriller about Prakash who is brought up in a particular segment of the working-class Indian society lined with the wreckage of broken families and dreams. Prakash, a 17 year old teenager, losing his family, seeks shelter with his uncle Vinod, the head of a drug ring, with his mentally challenged younger brother. The two teenagers emerge as pivotal accomplices in Vinod’s clandestine drug operations. Unbeknownst to Vinod, an adamant narcotics police superintendent is hot on their heels after receiving a string of tips offs from an anonymous informant. An earnest social counselor tries to reach out to Prakash and his brother but meets resistance from those within and outside the law. Both the law enforcers and Vinod want a piece of Prakash and his defenseless sibling in a world fraught with peril, double-crossings and deceits. Prakash has no choice but play his final card to salvage the situation and protect his brother once and for all.
2906378	François Merlin  is a Jean Bruce type writer of pulp espionage novels  and about half of the film plays in his imagination, where he is the world-renowned superspy "Bob Sinclar"  Christine  is a sociology student who lives in Merlin's building and is interested in the novels, but in the writer's imagination she becomes Tatiana, his paramour, while the pompous and rich publisher of his novels, Pierre Charron , doubles as the great villain of the spy novels, the Albanian secret services head Karpov, who in a memorable scene of the film threatens to cut off one of Tatiana's breasts. Christine is clearly fascinated with the handsome spy Bob Sinclar, an unrealistic and idealized hero, who is the very opposite of his creator: a clumsy, frustrated man who barely makes enough money to get by. However, when she is befriended by the rich and vain publisher who looks down upon his poor hack writer, she realises her mistake, and after a party where he tries to seduce her, she flees him and falls asleep on the landing outside the writer's flat, where he finds her in the morning, clad apparently only in a T-shirt and embraces her for a happy ending. In the final scene, Merlin throws over the balcony his last manuscript, freeing himself from his character and his imaginated life.
1871096	Mick O'Brien  is a 16-year-old Irish-American hoodlum from Chicago. While most of Mick's crimes involve snatching purses, vandalism, and getting into brawls, he aspires for bigger and better things, which leads him to attempt ripping off a rival, Paco Moreno . Everything goes wrong: Mick's partner and best friend Carl  is killed, and Mick, while trying to escape the police, accidentally runs over and kills an eight-year-old boy who happens to be Paco's kid brother. Because he's underage, Mick is sent to the Rainford Juvenile Correctional Facility rather than a state prison for adults. However, as the film makes clear, this "juvenile correction facility" is not a place where troubled kids are reformed, but rather a place where they grow tougher, angrier, and more prepared for a life of adult crime. Most of the wardens and counselors seem to have lowered themselves to the role of zookeepers, with the exception of Ramon Herrera , a former gang member who talks tough to the inmates, but holds out hope for some of them, especially Mick. Mick's cellmate is Barry Horowitz , a small, wiry Jewish kid who firebombed a bowling alley in a revenge attempt to scare some kids who beat him up . Their cell block is dominated by a pair of brawny sadists named "Viking" Lofgren  and Warren "Tweety" Jerome . As soon as their alpha male status is established, Mick takes his first step toward defining himself by standing up to them. To get revenge for his brother's death, Paco rapes Mick's girlfriend, J.C. , leaving her bitter and humiliated. Mick is desperate to see her, so he and Horowitz escape the double perimeter fences during football practice via the use of a corrosive liquid placed on the fences, making them weak enough to kick open. Mick escapes, but Horowitz falls on barbed wire and is then caught where a counselor beats him up for calling him names and escaping. Ramon senses that Mick had gone to J.C.'s house, and soon picks him up. He then takes him on a trip to a maximum security prison to show what's in store for him, should he continue down the path of crime. When the police are alerted to the rape and arrest Paco, he is sentenced to the same dormitory at Rainford that Mick is in. The staff are truly aware of this potential danger, but no other reform school has a vacancy. Meanwhile, in an attempt to kill Paco, Horowitz plants fertilizer into a radio that he has placed in Paco and Viking's cell. When the charge explodes prematurely and only injures Viking, Horowitz is condemned to permanent solitary confinement, a fate he fears more than any other. Eventually, Paco's transfer is arranged, so he plans his showdown with Mick for the night before. In order to avoid staff intervention, Herrera, who was on night patrol, is injured by Paco after he pretends to have a ruptured appendix. The door into the cells is then barricaded, and the entire dormitory is aroused by the brawl. Eventually, Mick comes out on top, and the film ends with him very nearly killing Paco but resisting at the last second. He then drags a beaten Paco in front of the caged Ramon and other detention officers and heads back to his cell, crying in remorse.
16898363	Daniel  and Laura  are a young couple vacationing in Morocco. They rent an off-road vehicle for a day trip to the desert. At a gas station they meet a shady stranger , who offers them to show them the desert. Declining his offer the two continue their trip and spontaneously decide to veer off the road. After making love on a dune they find out that their vehicle does not start. They set out on foot, but are soon lost as their tracks have been blown away by the wind. Luckily the tight-lipped stranger appears out of nowhere and helps them repair their vehicle and promises to show them the way out of the desert. They follow him on his motor bike with their vehicle but become suspicious of motives when they find out that he seemingly leads them away from the road. Tensions appear, not only between the couple and the stranger, but also between Daniel and Laura. When Daniel walks away from the vehicle after having an argument with Laura, the stranger seduces Laura and makes love with her. Daniel, who senses what has happened punctures the tires of the stranger's motor bike with a knife. Together the couples drives away, arguing on the way. When they reach an ancient and deserted town in the middle of the desert Laura walks away. Daniel tries to find her in the narrow alleys of the town, but suddenly encounters the stranger, who has seemingly followed them. He draws his knife and attacks the stranger, but is soon disarmed. Laura comes to his help and strikes the stranger with a stone on his head. They try to bring the stranger to a hospital, but ultimately leave him in the desert after being convinced that he is dead. Following power poles they drive back to the road. A few days later they return to the place where the left the stranger. They only find a bloody bandage and footprints leading away from the place.
35295429	Samson  and Mallika  have just been released from prison. Samson is a small time thief to whom prison is a "second home" while Mallika went to prison for murdering someone to save her husband from being killed. Samson falls in love with the girl at first sight. He decides to accompany her on the journey back home, but during the entire journey, Mallika is absolutely quiet and refuses to utter a word to him. She seems depressed and lonely. Shocking things await her when she reaches her home in Karippa to meet her husband Manikuttan/Kannukuttan . Kannukuttan was having an affair with their neighbour's wife, and it was the jealous husband who had wanted to kill Kannukuttan.
33743642	Disheartened when his story about Canadian snipers possibly mutilating corpses in Afghanistan is buried, Luke  quits his job but is even more determined to return to Afghanistan to get the real story. With his offbeat buddy, Tom , tagging along, Luke returns to Afghanistan and intends to gather enough evidence to get his old story into print. But he soon finds that the country is an even more dangerous place than when he left. To make matters worse, his old friend and fixer, Mateen  has been hired away by Luke's journalistic nemesis, Imran Sahar . Soon the trip for Luke and Tom in Afghanistan turns into a surreal and perilous adventure, a journey into an alternate reality, filtered through a haze of gun smoke. They encounter Taliban raids, bombings and unfinished business with an Afghanistan businessman. Luke still makes his way through the wilderness with Canadian troops and Arabian guides to find out if his story is true or not. In the end, he realises that the rumour about Canadians mutilating fingers is a lie and that his people still have some morality in this war torn land. Just as he is about to leave, He and Sgt. Rick  come under fire from a Taliban sniper, but the Taliban runs out of bullets and walks off, while Luke thinks he killed him. While they move back to the base, Luke runs into Matteen, where he finds out that they really do share a friendship. The last scene is where Luke decides to go home.
17938594	Sandro, a detective, finds his wife strangled. His girlfriend Tiffany , who works as a photographer, makes a "Blow up" from a photo, what Sandro finds beside the victim. Sandro and Tiffany are looking for the woman on the photo, Laura . They found her in a night club in Rome.
797330	Two unemployed brothers, Bob and Doug McKenzie ([[Dave Thomas , place a live mouse in a beer bottle in an attempt to blackmail the local beer store into giving them free Elsinore beer, but are told to take up the matter at the Elsinore brewery instead. After presenting the mouse to management at the brewery, the brothers are given jobs on the bottling line inspecting the bottles for mice. Meanwhile, the evil Brewmeister Smith  is perfecting a secret plan to take over the world by placing a mind-control drug in Elsinore beer which, while rendering the consumer docile, also makes him or her attack others when stimulated by certain musical tones. Smith tests this adulterated beer on patients of the neighboring Royal Canadian Institute for the Mentally Insane, which is connected to the brewery by underground tunnels. They learn the former brewery owner John Elsinore has recently died under mysterious circumstances and his daughter, Pam  has been given full control of the Elsinore brewery. While exploring the massive brewery, they find a shuttered cafeteria containing an old Galactic Border Patrol video game which supernaturally reveals that Brewmeister Smith murdered John Elsinore and that Pam's bumbling Uncle Claude  was deeply involved. Additionally, while poking around the brewery, Bob recognizes one-time hockey great, Jean "Rosie" LeRose , who suffered a career-ending nervous breakdown and has fallen under Smith's control. Eventually, Bob and Doug wander into Brewmeister's operations room while he is away, and Doug takes a floppy disk containing video of John Elsinore's murder . Smith and Claude tranquilize the brothers and arrange to frame them for murder, concealing Pam and her father's friend, Henry Green in beer kegs in the back of their sabotaged van. The brothers are unable to stop and crash the van into Lake Ontario, but all survive, Pam with apparent memory loss, and the brothers are arrested. When put to trial, Bob and Doug's antics cause the judge to declare them insane, and he puts them under Brewmeister Smith's care at the asylum. Rosie soon finds them and helps them escape, and they later find Pam and rescue her as well. Rosie, having figured out Brewmeister's plan, foments an uprising among the brainwashed test subjects. The brothers separate for the first time in their lives, with Doug helping Rosie to overpower Brewmeister Smith. However, Smith has locked Pam and Bob into a brewery tank, filling it with beer; they escape this possible death when Bob consumes all the beer . John Elsinore's ghost warns them that Smith has already shipped tainted beer to Oktoberfest and tells her to stop them. The police accompany the brothers back to their house to retrieve their beer-drinking dog, Hosehead, who resembles a large skunk, to invade the party. Enticed by free beer and sausages, Hosehead leaps into the air and literally flies over the city, crashing into the tent at the celebration and frightening people away from the tainted beer. In the end, the McKenzie Brothers save the day and Pam and Rosie find true love. As for the contaminated beer, Bob and Doug are allowed to haul away the lot to apparently try to drink it all.
26816029	The plot revolves around Agumon, Gaomon and Lalamon, whose partners are put into an eternal sleep, along with the rest of the humans, because of a mysterious thorn that spread throughout the city. After saving Rhythm, a Digimon in the form of a young girl, they learn from her that the thorns are the work of an Ultimate Digimon, named Argomon, and the four set out for his castle to confront him.
34171890	As the film begins, it is 1934, and Hamilton as the civilian-turned-detective is called back to Chicago only to discover that his brother is on death row for murdering his wife. Unable to save him from the electric chair, Hamilton is nonetheless convinced of his brother’s innocence and is determined to clear his name. His searches lead him to the Loveland Ballroom, where his brother was involved in a dance marathon  run by Milland, and where the murder allegedly happened. Soon, the pursuit turns supernatural, as Hamilton begins seeing his dead brother walking the foggy streets and a man  Hamilton killed climbs out of a coffin and attacks him. Police Officer Meeker, of course, doesn’t believe Hamilton’s story, and when the two of them show up at Blondell’s antique store, Nalder is alive and well. At the center of all this weird activity is a man named Varrick whom no one has ever seen…The film depicts people being brought back to life, not realizing that they are dead, but forced to do the bidding of a man who resurrects them as zombies using magic he learned in Haiti. Bloch's opinion of the movie is given in his autobiography, Once Around the Bloch: ""The Dead Don't Die". Maybe they don't, but the show did. Despite Curtis's casting of accomplished character actors, their supporting roles couldn't prop up the lead. And Ray Milland, who had given such a deftly paced performance in my script for Home Away from Home, merely plodded through his part here like a zombie without a deadline." Robert Bloch, Once Around the Bloch: An Unauthorised Autobiography NY: Tor Books, 1993, 363-64.
8094606	Anton Steenwijk's family was killed by the Nazis and his house was set on fire in 1945, after the corpse of a collaborator, executed by the Dutch resistance, was found outside his house. The story moves between the end of the Second World War and the 1980s, following Steenwijk's quest for truth.
3098782	Fun-loving Bobby is a mail clerk in a big firm, but he has a trump card, his best friend Waymon, an African-American who is almost a partner in the firm. They make a deal: Waymon will try to move Bobby to the trainee broker program if he will help him meet Natalie, the girl of his dreams. There's only one problem, everyone will have to change.
8418734	Dr. Mortimer Gangreen  escapes from prison and has set up a base at his assistant Igor's 'Really Big Castle' located outside Paris, France, and he is still bent on global domination. Using his Killer Tomatoes, Gangreen plans to stage a second French revolution according to an old prophecy written by Nicodemus, in which the king of France  will return to claim the throne. The only image of Louis XVII shows that he bears a close resemblance to Igor , and Gangreen plans to use this to his advantage to have Igor impersonate Louis XVII to claim the throne. The heroes of the film are a has-been TV actor named Michael  and Marie, the French girl he meets and falls in love with . As the Killer Tomatoes begin their attack on France, hoping to reach the outskirts of Paris, the true King returns, and faces a showdown with Igor as to who shall rightly become king. With the help of Michael and Marie, Louis triumphs, and Gangreen escapes in a tomato-shaped hot-air balloon, planning revenge and swearing to return in the next movie.
7171361	Joseph Megessey  is a Vietnam war veteran suffering post-Vietnam stress syndrome who is having trouble fitting in with society. He takes on the responsibility of drawing Dave, a fellow veteran now an alcoholic, out of his shell by coaxing him to enjoy life again, as well as urging him to face up to some of his darker memories. Megs finds himself attracted to Dave's meek sister Martha, who lives with Dave and takes care of him. This attraction leads to a love affair, much to Dave's disapproval. Dave eventually vents his anger and frustration at a high school prom where Martha is a chaperone being accompanied by Megs. This leads to Dave finally facing his demons and acknowledging Megs and Martha for being there for him. Afterward, despite initially ending what was a promising romance, Megs returns to Martha. The movie was filmed in Montreal, Canada, Meriden, CT. and Wallingford, CT
8956466	On the outskirts of a provincial town, Pajaro is determined to enter the Guinness Book of Records by breaking the longest bike-ride record. He rides around the fountain in the square with the help of his friend, Lopecito. He is willing to face many challenges that face him, in attaining this new record. Will this race open the path to love for him, and for his redemption?
7977406	The film is set in the home of a mad scientist called Professor Noodle. Professor Noodle has just developed a rejuvenation solution that reverses the aging process. Stan and Oliver are chimney sweeps and arrive to sweep the chimney. Oliver goes on to the roof and Stan stays below at the fireplace. Stan begins to shove the sweep up the chimney and knocks Oliver backwards and down through the skylight. Oliver comes back on to the roof and begins to pull the sweep up. Stan has hung on to the sweep and arrives at the roof. Oliver drops him back down through the chimney. Stan doesn't have enough extensions for the sweep and decides to use a rifle to shove the sweep the last part of the way. The gun goes off nearly shooting Oliver. Stan decides to come on to the roof and as he opens the skylight he knocks Oliver off the roof and down onto a greenhouse. Stan and Oliver start to clean up the soot around the fireplace. They become distracted and Stan shovels the soot into Oliver's trousers. Professor Noodle decides to test his rejuvenation solution. He puts a duck in a vat of water and adds a drop of his solution. The duck turns into a duckling. The professor is excited and decides to show Stan and Oliver his discovery. He puts another drop of his solution into the vat and the duckling turns into an egg. Stan and Oliver decide to test the solution for themselves when the professor leaves the room. Stan accidentally knocks Oliver and the solution into the vat. Oliver emerges as a chimpanzee.
16179846	Sivaji is a director whose dream project is to make the love saga of Salim-Anarkali. After a long search for an apt girl to fit into the role of Anarkali, he finds it in a beggar girl . He starts the movie with Nalini as Anarkali. K.R.Vijaya, wife of Sivaji starts suspecting Sivaji-Nalini relationship and this results in a mess inside their family. Nalini comes to know of this and feels that because of her, her mentor's life should not be in a mess, she leaves them without notice. Sivaji stops the project. Years pass by...Sivaji has a son now...Prabhu who is into spirituality and wishes to lead life as a brahmachari. Sivaji in one occasion, watches a dance by Bhuvani and jumps in glory that he has again found his anarkali in that danseuse. He comes to know that the girl who danced was none other than Nalini's daughter. Nalini's daughter  is now chosen as Anarkali and Prabhu is selected as Salim. Prabhu and Bhuvani falls in love in real life too. K.R. vijaya comes to know of this and opposes this relationship suspecting that Bhuvani is Nalini's daughter through Sivaji. As the drama unfolds finally Prabhu and Bhuvani dies by intaking poison in a touching climax.
19203309	A dissatisfied Navy clerk begins handling secret documents when he is approached by secret Czech intelligence to hand over documents to them. Although he is being black-mailed, he agrees to do so while also being paid for the information. He begins an affair with the secretary who also has access to greater secret documents. Together, the couple continue to procure information for Czech intelligence while getting paid. Soon, the British government gets wind of their betrayal.
17063416	Thirtysomething Suat still lives with his parents and works at his father's store when not practising as goalie for the local football team, Esnaf Spor. Suat is in love with Nurten, the neighbourhood beauty, but she has never responded to his many secret letters. The neighbourhood's greatest wish is for Esnaf Spor to win the amateur league championship.
15052685	Chan is on his way back from completing the London case -- they always mentioned the previous case -- to go on "vacation" to Paris, but this is just a way to make people think that he is innocently there. He is on a case for some London bankers and customers who say that some bonds from the Lamartine Bank in Paris are forged, so they hired Chan to solve the case. After various murder attempts on Chan and other killings, including that of his assistant, Nardi, and the ex-boyfriend of Yvette, which was staged by a blind beggar named Xavier, a "crazed" World War I veteran who wants his money and wants it now! The murderer was Xavier, but he is actually not real; he has alternately been played by both Corday and Latouche -- Latouche appearing as Xavier when Corday was with Charlie, and Corday appearing as Xavier when Charlie meets Latouche at the Bank. Chan takes young Victor Descartes with him to find Xavier, and while they search Corday's and LaTouche's lair where they have been printing the counterfeit bonds, Latouche  arrives. Chan and Descartes kill the lights, and Latouche shoots at Chan's flashlight, apparently hitting him. But Chan has mounted it on a broomstick to decoy Latouche, and Descartes is able to capture Xavier/Latouche. Then the police arrive , giving Chan a chance to explain how Corday and LaTouche created alibis for each other by alternately playing Xavier.
17991914	Take Hayden is a hard worker who hates office politics. Hayden's career has been defined by one small but lasting workplace fiasco that occurred years ago. Trying to get back into the company's good graces, Hayden must compete with her best friend Claire for a promotion. Claire is the ultimate competitor, and is determined to make VP by the time she's 30 – but when she unexpectedly finds out she's pregnant, Claire begins to wonder if a woman has to make a choice between career and motherhood. Both women are under the watchful eye of Eve, the ultimate political machine who isn't afraid to ruffle feathers  to establish her place in the office hierarchy. Then there's Alix, the newbie who's got everything going for her: beauty, an MBA degree and minority status. As compassion and competition collide, all of these women must balance the wonderful, yet difficult, issues that arise when you're working with  your friends.
32136365	A political prisoner, Hwang-seok is released after 50 years of solitary confinement. A day later, a body with stab wounds is recovered from a harbor. Detective Oh investigates the death and determines the body is that of Yang, a former soldier. Discovering a diary amongst Yang's possessions, Oh follows a trail of clues to a blind antique dealer, Ji-hye. It transpires that it was Yang who was responsible for the imprisonment of Hwang-seok, a suspected communist sympathizer in the Korean War. This makes Hwang-seok the prime suspect for the murder of Yang. But not all is as it seems, and a series of flashbacks back to the dark days of the Korean War and the infamous Geoje POW Camp on Geoje Island leads Oh to Han, a former North Korean soldier living in Japan, and a final, tragic resolution for two il-fated lovers.{{cite book}}
21716330	Viswanathan ([[Sreenivasan  is a village officer. He wants to make his son Manu , an engineer. But manu wants to become a singer. Viswanatahan sends him to a coaching centre principled by KC Francis . Manu often tells his mother  to allow him to go and participate in reality shows. But Viswanathan doesn't agree with it. When the exam result come, Manu fails. Viswanathan calls him a cheater and slaps him. Manu leaves his house. After two days Viswanathan finds out that Manu is working as a waiter in a hotel. Viswanathan's heart is broken and he becomes a drunkard. But Manu also participates in a reality show. Before the final stage Manu and Viswanathan reunite and he wins the 1st prize in the reality show. Jagathy Sreekumar plays a negative role in this movie.
3192223	{{Plot}} From his room in a building belonging to the “Bird-Watchers' Society”, Sylvester employs binoculars to focus on the window opposite him, containing Tweety's cage. Tweety does the same . Tweety puts his binoculars down and says his catchphrase: “I tawt I taw a puddy tat!” Then he replaces his binoculars to confirm and, indeed, “I DID! I DID taw a puddy tat!” Sylvester jumps for joy and runs to the building Tweety is in , but fails to notice the sign banning cats and dogs from the building. This results in a confrontation with the guard just inside the door, who kicks Sylvester out. Next, Sylvester climbs up the drainpipe of the Broken Arms Apartment Building while Tweety sings the song "When Irish Eyes are Smiling". Behind Tweety and off-camera, Sylvester swings a paw in metronome rhythm to his “snack's” song. Only then does Tweety realize that Sylvester is watching him. He calls for help and jumps out of his cage; Sylvester chases him through the room. However, Tweety's owner, Granny is ready for him. She throws him out the window and, looking down on him, snarls: “Yeah that'll teach ya! Next time I'll give you what for!” Tweety joins in the scolding: “Bad ol' puddy tat!” Sylvester paces around the door, then gets an idea: to climb up in the drainpipe. Instead of getting scared again, Tweety now drops a bowling ball into the drainpipe. The heavy ball collides with Sylvester – and he swallows it! He frantically attempts to stop himself from rolling into “Champin's Bowling Alley” , but to no avail. Sounds of bowling pins dropping emanate from said building. Now Sylvester attempts to come up with a new plan for consumption of Tweety. He then notices a street busker with a monkey across the street. He slips across the street and then, after luring the monkey away from his master with a banana, hits him  in the head and manages to pass himself off as said monkey to the busker. Tweety isn't fooled, though, realizing that: “OH! Here tum dat puddy tat adain!” Sylvester enters Granny's room chasing Tweety, but has to stop running after him outright when Granny notices him. He now tries  to surreptitiously look for and eat Tweety. His attempt to pass himself off as a monkey is ruined when Granny gives him a penny and he can't resist tipping his hat politely to her. Granny smacks him in the head with an umbrella and then exposes that she was actually fully aware that he was a deliberately intruding cat who wanted to eat her canary rather than a legitimately in-business monkey whose busker master was trying to make a living. Sylvester, who now has a lump on his head, staggers out of the room, tipping his hat at the angry Granny in the process. Next, Sylvester manages to gain access to the desk clerk's office undetected  and hears the telephone ring. Angrily, the desk clerk picks it up, but is professionally calm and polite when talking to Granny. Eavesdropping on them, Sylvester hears that Granny is checking out of Room 158, and that she wants someone to pick up Tweety and her luggage. This gives Sylvester the idea he wants: cut to a shot of Sylvester knocking on Granny's door. Granny opens it a crack and asks Sylvester what he's doing, to which Sylvester replies in his lisping voice: “Your bags, Madame.” Granny answers: “OK, they're behind the door. I'll see you in the lobby.” Sylvester enters Room 158 and picks up Granny's suitcases and Tweety's cage. He carries them all out into the hall, then discards the suitcase and carries the cage down the stairs to the rear of the apartment building. There, he walks into the alley and opens the cage, expecting to enjoy Tweety – but Granny is in the cage! She hits Sylvester with her umbrella several times in rapid succession . Next, Sylvester drags a box, a plank and a 500-pound weight to the point at the base of the apartment building that is in a direct vertical line with Tweety's window. He supports the plank with the box in the middle, stands on one end of the plank and heaves the weight onto the other end. This propels him up to Tweety's level and enables him to snatch the tiny bird. However, as he runs off, the weight lands hard on his head. Sylvester next tries to swing over to Tweety's window , and uses all manner of scientific methods to ensure that he doesn't let Tweety slip by him again. However, he misjudges something that forces him to crash into the wall next to the drainpipe. Tweety remarks that Sylvester will hurt himself more badly unless he's more careful. Finally, Sylvester's pacing stops quite abruptly when he notices the electric air cable wires over his head. He crosses the street, climbs the supporting pole and walks the wires across to the Broken Arms Apartment Building. However, Sylvester has to get out of the way when he hears the bell ringing to signal the approach of a trolley. His feet aren't quick enough to evade the trolley, and he is electrocuted several times as the trolley pursues him! The driver is shown to be: Tweety, who again says, “I tawt I taw a puddy tat!” and Granny, who is sitting next to him, agrees with him: “You did, you DID! You DID taw a putty tat!”. The cartoon irises out as the trolley shocks Sylvester three times.
6838347	Jerry Logan  is a Las Vegas police officer who is visiting France to see his ex-wife , who he is still friendly with. She is remarried to Laurent Martin , who is a police officer in France. The two men do not hit it off very well at first, but eventually they team up to solve the case of some art smugglers.
33431914	The film begins by showing images of the Holocaust, and stating that Hitler sanctioned the killing of 11 million people. This is followed by Comfort interviewing people about Adolf Hitler; their responses indicate a lack of historical knowledge, although he also finds a neo-Nazi who claims to love Hitler.{{cite news}} Comfort proposes a hypothetical situation to his interviewees, asking if they would kill Hitler if they had the opportunity at that time in history. He asks more hypotheticals dealing with what his interviewees might do in other circumstances related to the Holocaust. He then switches his topic to make similar comparisons to abortion within the United States and the right to life, personalizing his arguments to make comparisons between the Holocaust and abortion in order to place the interviewees on the spot. The documentary concludes with Comfort stating that over 50 million abortions have occurred to date; he calls this the "American Holocaust".
61494	{{plot}} To avoid a forced marriage with Don Carlos, an elderly Spanish duke, the beautiful and vivacious Princess Marie masquerades as her uncle's former servant, Marietta, to escape from France on a ship with casquette girls who are traveling to New Orleans to marry colonists . On board ship, Marietta becomes friends with Julie, a young and pretty casquet girl whom the Princess also befriends. Enroute to New Orleans, the casquette girls discuss what type of man they want to marry, and "Marietta" shocks the other girls by stating that she does not intend to get married to anyone. Shortly after this discussion, the ship is boarded by pirates who kill the entire crew and take the girls ashore – along with the goods the ship was carrying. When the pirates finish sharing out the bounty among themselves, they turn their attention to the girls. Just then, singing is heard . The pirates comment that it is the mercenaries and they rush around to extinguish 'torches' and the fire so that they won't be noticed. However "Marietta" takes one of the lit 'torches' and runs towards the sound of the singing, crying out "help, help" – and this leads to a fight between the mercenaries and the pirates, which the mercenaries win. The surviving pirates escape in canoes. There are further songs from the mercenaries, including their leader, Captain Richard Warrington, singing "Neath a Southern Moon" to Marietta. Although Marietta and Captain Warrington are attracted to each other, problems arise, including Captain Warrington declaring that he does not intend to get married. When Captain Warrington and his men take the casquette girls to New Orleans by boats, they are welcomed by the Governor of New Orleans , and the casquette girls are then taken to the convent where they are to stay until they meet the men who will become their husbands. When some men approach Marietta, she comments that she does not want to marry any of them. The Governor and his wife, accompanied by Captain Warrington, now arrive and the Governor comments that he feels sure he has seen Marietta before in Paris, but Marietta convinces him that he is wrong about this. Marietta pretends to be a courtesan and is sent away in disgrace to live in a house by herself. Captain Warrington takes over the duties of the French soldiers who are escorting her to her new home. At the house, an uncomfortable Marietta tries in vain to get rid of Captain Warrington, who is persisting in staying there – when Marietta states that she will call the police to throw Warrington out, the Captain tells her that he is the police. Just then, there is the welcome interruption of the sound of singing from a group of strolling gypsies who are advertising their Marionette Theater. The daughter of the gypsy leader  then sings, and Warrington joins in the singing . Stung by a comment from Warrington that she  would not be able to sing as well as Rodolpho's daughter, Marietta also joins in the singing. A short time later, there is a knock at the door, and three Frenchmen are standing outside, asking to see Marietta. While Warrington is getting rid of the three would-be 'lovers' of the beautiful "courtesan", Marietta escapes from the house and can't be found. The following day, Captain Warrington discovers that Marietta is working at the Marionette Theater, where she is a success. While performing, Marietta becomes aware that Captain Warrington is in the audience and, when he visits her dressing room, following the performance, Marietta tells him that his presence there is 'most unwelcome' – when the Captain asks her if he would be welcome 'somewhere else', Marietta says "yes". When Marietta leaves the Marionette Theater to have some lunch, Captain Warrington joins her, commenting "Here I am – welcome me". Marietta is very amused at this and is unable to suppress a smile. They become friends when Captain Warrington comments that Marietta can trust him, because he will 'keep her out in the open from now on'. While Marietta and Warrington are eating lunch together, there is an announcement of an award for information leading to Marietta's whereabouts. Marietta is once again rescued from her situation by Captain Warrington, who takes Marietta away by boat. Captain Warrington wonders who Marietta really is – saying that at least he knows that Marietta is not what she said she was. Marietta comments that she is just 'someone from somewhere'. It is during this time that Marietta and Captain Warrington discover that they are falling in love with each other . When Captain Warrington asks Marietta to sing the song back to him, she says that she has a song she knows better. Leaving the boat to walk to Warrington's headquarters, they are accosted by French soldiers and Marietta's true identity of Princess Marie is revealed. Captain Warrington is stunned about this and attempts to stop the French soldiers taking Marietta away. At the Governor's Palace, the Governor shows Marietta 'the King's mandate' and comments that Don Carlos must be a most loving suitor to have followed her to New Orleans. He also comments that a ball will be given in Marietta's 'honor'. The Governor's wife then enters the room and comments that she is horrified at Marietta's adventures and asks Marietta to confide in her and let her be 'mother' because she was an older woman. It is night and Marietta is dressed for the ball. Julie, who has heard that Marietta is really a princess, comes to Marietta's room, asking to see Marietta because 'she knows me'. Marietta welcomes her and Julie is able to tell Marietta that Captain Warrington had been ordered to leave New Orleans that day, but had not gone – and that he was intending to come to the ball. Marietta is delighted at this. However, her uncle comes to her room and mentions that 'if Warrington attempted to see her again, he would be arrested for treason and shot'. Frightened for the man she loves, Marietta asks Julie to go to Captain Warrington and stop him from coming to the ball – however, they realise is too late when they hear Warrington and his men singing . Inside the ballroom, Marietta's uncle is dancing with the Governor's wife – while the Governor is dancing with Marietta. When Captain Warrington walks into the room, the Governor stops dancing with Marietta and tries to get Warrington to leave in order to save Warrington's life. After the Captain dances with Marietta, she tells him that she will sing 'her' song to him the following evening. When Warrington is leaving the house, Marietta sings her song – and Warrington joins in singing a duet with her . Following this, Marietta's uncle knocks on her door, demanding she leave with them on the ship back to France. However, the Captain and Marietta escape by the balcony stairway, where they are captured by two guards, who are actually the Captain's mercenaries in disguise. Meanwhile, her Uncle and his guards are able to break in through the locked door and appear at the balcony demanding the arrest of the Captain and Marietta. Having been deceived, the uncle returns into the house. The Captain and Marietta then escape into the Western frontier, apparently living happily together.
3875037	Set in Mongolia's capital city, Ulan Bator, the film combines documentary elements with fictional elements<ref name Die Like a Dog, A lauded Mongolian film probes a mongrel's soul | publisher  http://www.time.com/time/asia/asia/magazine/1999/990125/mongolia_dog1.html}} in the fragmented, impressionistic and dreamlike story of Baasar, a dog who dies early in the movie &mdash; shot by a hunter employed by the city to reduce its dog population, which has more than one dog for each four humans in its population of 800,000.<ref name State of Dogs | publisher  http://movies.yahoo.com/movie/1809408125/details}} According to Mongolian legend, a dog  may be reincarnated in its next life as a human, after roaming free for as long as he wants.<ref name Bestselling author discusses work ‘from a dog’s point of view’ | publisher  http://sdranchcoastnews.com/cmv_dm_pages/cmv_dm_feature/2.11_cv_feature/2.11_ft5_luncheon.html}} Baasar roams the memory of his life, uninterested in advancing to a human life.<ref name State of Dogs | publisher  http://www.yidff.jp/99/cat049/99c058-2-e.html}} The film includes brief interludes with a solar eclipse, a segment in which a young man recites poems directly to the camera, and a depiction of modern Mongolian life with undercurrents of mysticism and myth.
203413	During the junior high graduation, Lizzie McGuire  is forced to make a speech in place of the class president, Margaret Chan, where she trips onstage and brings the curtain down on her fellow graduates. She and her friends then leave on a class trip to Rome for two weeks, accompanied by her rude and strict new high school principal, Ms. Ungermeyer , and her ex-best friend, Kate Sanders . After Lizzie discovers that she is sharing a room with Kate, Ms. Ungermeyer takes them to the Trevi Fountain where Lizzie throws a penny into the water for good luck. A few seconds later, she meets a famous Italian pop star, Paolo , who exclaims how much she resembles his singing partner, Isabella . Paolo promises to meet Lizzie at the Trevi Fountain the next day if Lizzie wishes to see him again. The next day, Lizzie pretends to be sick and sneaks off to meet Paolo. She goes on a drive with him, agreeing to sing with him as Isabella to prevent Isabella from being sued for lip-synching. Later, Lizzie discovers that she also has to lip-synch "What Dreams Are Made Of", but agrees to do that. Kate later finds out the truth but helps Lizzie instead. Lizzie continues to pretend to be sick, but when her scheme is about to be discovered, Gordo covers for her by telling Ms. Ungermeyer that he was the one who was sneaking out. Ms. Ungermeyer then has him pack his bags to go home as punishment. Just as he's about to board the plane home, he meets the real Isabella at the airport and discovers the truth about Paolo. Meanwhile, when Lizzie is looking for Gordo, Kate tells her that he's been sent home. Lizzie is confused as to why he'd do that and Kate tells her to "wake up" and see that Gordo likes her more than a friend. Gordo and Isabella race to the music event to stop Paolo from making a fool of Lizzie on stage. The two reach Lizzie on time to warn her and convince her the truth, with Isabella reminding her that she's only known Paolo for a few days. Paolo's plan was to show the world that Isabella is lip-synching; ironically, it turns out that Paolo himself was lip-synching. Isabella and Gordo exposes Paolo by pulling the plug on his recorded tape and turning on his microphone, causing him to be shown how fake he actually is. Angry that he's been exposed, Paolo leaves where he's ambushed by the paparazzi and his bodyguard, Sergei ([[Brendan Kelly , quits out of disgust. Isabella then introduces Lizzie to the crowd and has Lizzie sing "What Dreams Are Made Of" live in front of the entire audience inside the Colosseum. Among the crowd are her parents, brother and her schoolmates and Ms. Ungermeyer who got in by beating up the bouncers. Later at the hotel, Sergei has formed a new relationship with Ms. Ungermeyer, Ms. Ungermeyer respects Gordo for being a loyal friend to Lizzie and looks forward to their years in high school. Lizzie's parents tell her that while they're proud of her, she's grounded for the rest of the summer and Matt's attempt to embarrass Lizzie is thwarted by the hotel concierge. Lizzie and Gordo sneak away for the last time from the after-party and went up to the roof to talk. Lizzie asks him to promise that things will always be the same between them to which Gordo reassures her that will be and tells her that he will always believe in her. Lizzie then kisses Gordo as thanks for being there for her throughout the whole Paolo situation. As they both go back to the afterparty, the fireworks spell "The End" as the ending for both the series and the movie.
5981203	The film is told through the stories of two women: Nana, a grandmother, and Daisy, her granddaughter. Daisy tells Nana of her romance with a young man named Ethan and her problems at school because she's Jewish. Nana tells the story of her young life when she was sent to a ghetto and then a concentration camp. The love she has for the boy is strong but the love he has for her is questionable. He lets his friends judge her from the outside, not for who she is on the inside, and when she turns out to not be like every other girl he breaks up with her. Daisy is sad so she goes and sees Nana and takes her anger out on her. She then runs away and tries to kill herself but she does not. At the end she tries to see him again but he looks at her for a long time and walks away with his friends. She stands there sad and crying realizing that maybe it was not meant to be and she walks away happy .
30097713	Jake Cunningham  is an uptight FBI agent assigned to protect Brandi O'Neill , a lower-class cocktail waitress who recently helped with the tax fraud investigation of her billionaire boyfriend. When Jake's wealthy parents  unexpectedly call him home for the holidays, Jake must bring Brandi with him in order to keep her safe prior to the trial. They pose as a couple in order to keep the proceedings a secret until the court date. The Cunninghams disapprove of the match, but begin to accept Jake's "girlfriend" just as Jake and Brandi are truly becoming a couple. Brandi testifies against the former boyfriend. The movie ends as Brandi introduces Jake, her new love, to her mother.
28822507	An elderly couple are about to celebrate the first anniversary of their wedding, and their friends and neighbours plan a surprise party.
8204853	The film is set in a small Oregon town, where a brutal serial killer nicknamed the 'Oregon undertaker' has been murdering and mutilating young women. Charlie  is an ex-teacher turned disaffected call center employee who's fired on his first day. Distraught on being unable to provide for his daughter Emily and policewoman wife Penelope , he's approached by former colleague Gus , an aspiring scam artist who presents Charlie with a seemingly snag-free plan to make some cash: blackmail Reverend Smalls who, despite being a man of the cloth, has frequently turned up in the company database of visitors to illegal porn websites. Gus plans on extorting money from Reverend Smalls, with the intention of publicly exposing his secret shame should he refuse to pay up. Normally cautious Charlie reluctantly agrees to play a part in the scam, confident that with the money he'll garner from the deal he'd be able to turn things around for him and his family. When proud former teenage pageant queen Josie McBroom , Gus's scheming one-night stand, muscles in on the deal, their plan goes ahead. Josie convinces Charlie and Gus that she should make the call to Smalls, on the grounds that if either of them called, the police could trace their voices and connect them to the job, as the blind man would be able to say he saw  Gus at the store. The plan goes into action, and Gus goes to Smalls' house where he is surprised by the Reverend, wielding a gun. From outside the house, two shots are heard. At the same time, Charlie explains the alibi at the bar, only to find out that the blind owner of the gas station is sitting right next to him; it was his 80th birthday. Charlie runs away and goes to Smalls' house, where he finds the Reverend dead. Scared, he drags the body outside, and dumps him into a nearby septic tank. He goes back inside the house, tries to call Josie, and upon finding Gus leaving the bathroom, learns that the Reverend shot Gus in the leg, explaining the blood near the corpse. After the first shot, Gus hit the Reverend over the head with a vase, leaving him alive but unconscious. Gus and Charlie leave the house to escape the scene of the crime, but Charlie remembers that he left Josie's card inside. They go back and get it, but in the process Gus stumbles upon a hidden DVD collection of the Reverend. They put one in, and find a video of the Reverend killing and cutting up a young girl. They try to flee the house, but are immediately met by a deputy police officer outside the door. The policeman explains that the Reverend was found dead, with three bullet holes in his head. Charlie lets in the policeman, who notices some blood on the floor. Charlie, in the kitchen, grabs a knife and cuts himself, and then goes back to the policeman to explain that he cut himself on a vase. Right before leaving, the policeman decides to see what Charlie had been watching, much to Charlie's protests. He presses play, and watches the beginning of a children's movie Gus had secretly switched in. Satisfied, he leaves the house, but finds marks in the ground that look like someone had been dragged. Charlie follows the policeman to the end of the drag marks, the septic tank. As Charlie is about to open it, Gus smashes a vase against the head of the deputy, who is promptly dragged inside. Inside, Charlie freaks out about the murder of the Reverend and the kidnapping of a policeman and leaves, where he is met by the Reverend's wife , who has a gun pointed at Charlie. They go back inside, where she explains that she shot the Reverend, and that she was going to meet her lover, Max, at the house so they could collect their $2,000,000 the real Reverend had left. Gus and Charlie explain that Max will not be seeing her, and she asks them where the 2 million dollars are, pointing a gun at the tied-up policeman. They frantically try to say that they don't know anything about the money, and right before she is about to shoot the deputy, Josie comes in and lodges an axe in the wife's head. As Charlie and Gus talk over what's been happening, Josie finds the money hidden in the Reverend's oven, and calls Charlie and Gus over. As they're looking at the stacks of hundred dollar bills, they hear cries of "help" from outside. The deputy has escaped through the front door, and, rolling himself along, is soon caught by the three. In his rolling, the deputy drops his badge, which Charlie picks up and puts in his pocket. They agree to dispose of the body of the wife, but the policeman, still alive, asks to use the restroom. Inside, he tries to escape through a window by jumping on the toilet, but slips, breaking his skull on the toilet, killing himself. Charlie, Gus, and Josie hide the bodies in suitcases and drive away to dispose of them, but soon get into an argument. Charlie reveals that the reason why he has been reeling off random facts is because of a neurological disorder. This problem with the neurotransmitter acetylcholine means that eventually his mind will become blank and explains why he was fired from his teaching position. After driving for a while Charlie realises that Gus, who had originally said he needed the money for his daughter's cornea operation, doesn't really have a daughter, and punches him. In this small fight, they nearly get into an accident with a fat man, who tries to call the police, but is persuaded by Gus to not do so. Charlie, Gus, and Josie drive away and get to their disposal point, only to find that one of the bodies is missing. They drive back and hit the Reverend's wife, who had jumped out of the car and was trying to get help. As they look over the body, two police officers show up, one of them being Charlie's wife, and quickly see the body. Charlie's wife tries to call her deputy, but it goes to voicemail, as her deputy is dead in the trunk of their car, unbeknown to her. Josie hurriedly patches up a story, but the three are taken to the station, where a special agent is waiting. Agent Hymes  happens to be the fat man the three almost got into an accident with, and examines the body with Gus and Josie, seeming to immediately patch together everything that happened, to Gus and Josie's horror. However, it turns out not to be the case and he lets them go. In the waiting room, Charlie finds his sleeping daughter, who couldn't be left alone at the house and was brought by his wife, and gives her his coat. Charlie, Gus, and Josie drive to a tar pit, where they plan to dispose of the bodies, but they find that the special agent has been following them. He gets angry at Gus for calling him fat before, and Gus swipes and stabs him with an insulin needle in the foot. The agent throws the gun up, which is caught by Charlie, who then points the gun at the agent. The agent then reveals that Josie is actually the Wyoming Widow; a murderer who befriended men and killed them with a small bit of whiskey, laced with highly concentrated thallium. She disregards it as nonsense, but Charlie and Gus make her empty her pockets, where they find the tell-tale flask of poison whiskey. They make her drink some, and she pretends to die, but begins laughing at their foolishness, as it isn't poisoned at all. They check for the agent, but he has disappeared, so they go out looking for him. Gus goes back to the car and tries to hide the money, but is caught by the agent, who complains of his lack of payment for what he does. He shoots Gus twice, killing him, and gets the money. In the mean time, Charlie's wife finds the badge of her deputy in her husband's coat, but drives to a bridge and throws it off, removing the evidence. The agent runs to his car, but is surprised by Josie, who was waiting in the back seat. They make him eat a very large sugary lollipop, highly dangerous because of his diabetes, and soon have him for dead. Charlie remarks on what monsters they have become, and is then faced by Josie, who has a gun trained on his head. She explains that she really is the Wyoming Widow, and then gives him the choice of the bullet or the poisoned whiskey. Charlie tells her not to spend all the money in one place, and drinks the whiskey, dying quickly, but not before he happily sees Josie discover that the bag is filled with nothing but his daughter's stuffed animals. At home, Charlie receives a message on his phone from a publishing firm in Seattle, Washington, regarding his book and offer him his dream job and an office. Also, his daughter, is seen drawing with marker on some of the hundred dollar bills next to several large stacks of money. Josie tries to hitch a ride away from Oregon, and finally gets one from an old man. The old man goes to the back to "double-check on something", and Josie takes out the poisoned whiskey. The old man covers a bloody leg with a tarp , and goes back into the truck to drive away with Josie.
4179195	Overnight is the story of Troy Duffy, a Los Angeles bartender and aspiring screenwriter who is also a musician in a band called "The Brood," along with his brother Taylor. At the beginning of the film, Troy is riding high: his script for The Boondock Saints has just been picked up by Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein for $300,000 and Duffy has been taken on by the William Morris Agency. Duffy, who had never made a movie or attended film school, will also direct the $15 million film. Moreover, his band will produce the soundtrack and get a recording contract from Maverick Records, and Weinstein will buy the bar Duffy works in and hire Duffy to run it. Duffy initially enjoys his new success, entertaining celebrities in his bar, dining at hotel restaurants, and moving into a production office where he holds teleconferences with producers. The movie deal, however, quickly turns sour, partially due to Duffy's own arrogant behavior. Believing himself to be the next power-player in Hollywood, Duffy insults actors who are in consideration for Boondock . Duffy threatens to leave William Morris in favor of a rival agency, and generally alienates both Weinstein and his own production team through his abrasive behavior. Ultimately, Duffy receives word of rumors that Weinstein, one of the most powerful producers in Hollywood, has had him blacklisted; Miramax puts the film in turnaround, conference calls are refused, and soon Duffy is without any movie industry contract at all. Duffy's musical efforts are equally ill-fated. Famed guitarist Jeff "Skunk" Baxter expresses interest in producing The Brood, singling out lead vocalist Taylor Duffy for particular praise. However, in recording sessions with Baxter and producer Ron St. Germain, Troy Duffy is filmed behaving dictatorially and refusing any advice that contradicts his opinion. Baxter also expresses concern about the band's heavy alcohol consumption. Renaming themselves The Boondock Saints, their debut CD sells only 690 copies, and the band is dropped from their contract. Duffy is finally able to obtain independent financing for the film, although it totals less than half of its original forecasted production budget. Boondock Saints is promoted at the Cannes film festival, but all the major American distribution companies pass on the film. The film manages to receive a limited release in five cities, but performs poorly and is pulled after a week, and is released on DVD and VHS. Although positive reviews of the movie begin to spread via word-of-mouth and the film becomes a financial success, Duffy's contract with Miramax stipulates he cannot profit from the film's video sales.
204774	{{Plot|date"Farewell My Concubine Study Notes">{{cite web}} In 1977, the year after the end of the Cultural Revolution, two men in Beijing Opera costumes, one in a female role, the other as a stage king, enter the performance hall and are greeted by a voice off camera—they haven't performed in twenty-two years—and a single spot light falls on them. The beginning scene, now shot in sepia, cuts to 1924, near the end of the period when the warlords ruled China. Farewell My Concubine is about the story of Dieyi and Xiaolou and how their lives are lived and affected with the Japanese invasion of China in the 1930s, the surrender of the Japanese in World War II, and in the end, the victory of the Communists in 1949. In this scene a woman walks hurriedly with a small child in her arms through a crowded Chinese market. A man, recognizing her, tries to speak to her but she roughly pushes him off as he shouts,"Whore!" A crowd is watching a troupe of boys from a Beijing opera training school perform for coins in the street, supervised by their aging director, Master Guan. One of the boys, Laizi, tries to run away, and the crowd is insulted. The leader, a possible warlord, begins pushing around Master Guan. One of the troupe, Shitou , distracts the crowd by breaking a brick on his head. The crowd cheers, but Shitou is later punished for pulling such a stunt. The mother takes the boy to the troupe house but Master Guan refuses him because of a birth defect, a superfluous finger. Throughout the scene the audience can hear a peddler calling out his skill as a knife sharpener. The mother goes and gets a sharp knife and cuts off the extra finger. She signs the contract with his thumb print in blood and leaves after giving him her robe. Shitou welcomes him as "Douzi" [Bean]. The two boys soon become good friends. A few years later. Laizi, craving freedom and candied crab apples, and Douzi escape, but return after seeing a performance by an opera master that makes Laizi weep and ask how they became stars, and how much they had to endure to become stars. Inspired, Laizi and Douzi return to the troupe, only to find Master Guan beating Shitou for allowing the escape. In the meantime, Laizi hides to quickly stuff his mouth the rest of the crab apples. Douzi walks to the beating bench to accept his punishment. Master Guan begins to beat him mercilessly, but Douzi never screams though Shitou begs him to say he is sorry. Shitou charges the master but the assistant yells for the master to come: Laizi had hanged himself. Douzi attaches himself to Shitou and is trained to play Dan  roles. He practices the monologue "Dreaming of the World Outside the Nunnery," but when he is to say, "I am by nature a girl, not a boy" he instead says "I am by nature a boy..." The monologue comes from the kunqu "The Record of an Evil Sea," kuhai  being a Buddhist term for a life of sorrow. Shitou learns the jing, a painted-face male lead. For punishment Xiaolou gets a stick and forces it into Douzi's mouth,{{cite news}} causing his mouth to bleed. The agent begins to leave with the future of the troupe at risk. Soon enough, after he has gargled enough of his blood, a soft whisper of, "I am by nature a girl... not a boy" spills out. He had gotten his line right and everyone cheered with happiness and a sense of relief.http://www.illuminatedlantern.com/cinema/review/archives/farewell_my_concubine.php. A while later, Douzi and Shitou perform for the Eunuch Zhang, who admired their performance and summon the boys for an audience. Shitou admires a beautiful sword in Zhang's collection, stating that if he were emperor, Douzi would be his queen. Douzi says that one day he hopes to give Shitou a sword like that. The boys are told Douzi is to meet Zhang alone, where he is given the sword. Douzi walks in on the old man in a lascivious embrace with a young girl. Douzi is afraid as the man eyes him up and down. He wishes to find Shitou because,"I have to pee." The old man brings a glass dragon jar, tells him to pee, stares in lusty amazement at the boy's body, and reaches for him. Douzi tries to flee, but Zhang pushes him to the ground. Hours later he emerges, and Shitou cannot get him to say a word. It is clear that Douzi had been traumatized. On their way home, Douzi spies a baby abandoned in the street. Master Guan urges Douzi to leave the baby, saying "we each have our own fate, or yuanfen," but Douzi takes him in and eventually Master Guan trains him. Douzi and Shitou become stars of Beijing opera and take on the stage names Cheng Dieyi and Duan Xiaolou. The adult Dieyi is in love with Xiaolou, but the sexual aspects of his affection are not returned. When they become a hit in Beijing, a patron, Yuan Shiqing, slowly courts Dieyi. Xiaolou, in the meantime, takes a liking to Juxian, a headstrong courtesan at the upscale House of Flowers. .{{citation needed}} Xiaolou intervenes when a mob of drunk men harass Juxian and conjures up a ruse to get the men to leave her alone, saying that they are announcing their engagement. Juxian later buys her freedom and, deceiving him into thinking she was thrown out, pressures Xiaolou to keep his word. When Xiaolou announces his engagement to Juxian, Dieyi and Xiaolou have a falling out. Dieyi calls her "Pan Jinlian", a "dragon lady" from the novel Golden Lotus. Dieyi takes up with Master Yuan, who gives him Zhang's sword. Master Guan shames them into re-forming the troupe. The complex relationship between these three characters is then tested in the succession of political upheavals that encompass China from the onset of the Second Sino-Japanese War. The film also follows the fates of Na Kun, who turns his theater troupe over to the new government after 1949, and the abandoned baby, who is trained in the female roles. He is called "Xiao Si", or "Little Fourth Brother." They go through Japanese Occupation, Kuomintang administration's of the mainland, the Communist revolution in 1949, the People's Liberation Army's entrance of the city, and the Cultural Revolution's attack of the "feudal" traditional opera.  "Xiao Si" and Douzi have an argument about "Xiao Si" training and punishment at the end of which "Xiao Si" threatens revenge. On the eve of the Cultural Revolution, Shitou and Juxian are seen burning now contraband literature and clothing. After a few drinks, they rekindle their relationship. The next scene shifts to Shitou being questioned by the Communist Party on a few unpatriotic words he said years ago and overheard by their manager. "Xiao Si" is seen in the background seemingly in a position of power. The Beijing opera troupe is taken out for questioning and offered a chance to repent. Under duress, Shitou confesses that Douzi performed for the Japanese and may have had a relationship with Yuan Shiqing. Douzi, enraged, tells the mob that Juxian was a prostitute. Shitou is forced to admit that he married a prostitute but swears that he doesn't love her and will never see her again for the sake of his life. Juxian is crushed to hear his words and, when given the chance to visit her, he finds her hanged. She has committed suicide from a broken heart. "Xiao Si" is seen in a gym practicing Concubine Yu's role, happy over having usurped Douzi's position. Communist cadre catch him in the act. His fate is unclear. The film then jumps back to the first scene of their reunion in 1977. Douzi and Shitou are practicing Farewell My Concubine. Their relationship seems to have mended since the tribunal and suicide of Shitou's wife. They exchange a smile and Shitou begins with the line that gave Douzi trouble forty years ago. Douzi makes the same error of finishing the line with "I am not a girl". Shitou corrects him and they continue practicing. Douzi then commits suicide by sword in the same manner as in the play. Farewell My Concubine won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival , as well as Best Foreign Language Film at the Golden Globes  and from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association . Gong Li won a Best Supporting Actress award from the New York Film Critics Circle .
17049621	A US government satellite crash lands near Piedmont, Utah, and two teenagers find it and bring it back to town. The town's inhabitants open it and release a deadly microorganism, which is later codenamed Andromeda by the US Army. A team is sent from the Army's bio-defense department to retrieve the satellite, only to die from the disease themselves. The video footage recorded by the retrieval team and their strange deaths capture the attention of General George Mancheck, the head of the bio-defense department, who activates "Wildfire," a team of five scientists who are called upon when high-level bioterror threats occur in the United States. The team, headed by its creator, Dr. Jeremy Stone, investigates Piedmont. They retrieve the satellite and rescue a hysterical 60-year old man and a colicky baby who have survived the Andromeda outbreak. In an isolated underground laboratory, the Wildfire team begins their examination of the downed satellite and the two survivors. The laboratory is powered by a small water-cooled nuclear reactor. In the event of a contamination breach, a 15-minute self-destruct sequence would be automatically initiated; however if the activated sequence is deemed unnecessary, Major Bill Keane, designated by the Odd-Man Hypothesis, is the only person able to deactivate the sequence, using his pass key and right thumbprint. The scientists begin their analysis of the Andromeda strain by recovering a sample from inside the satellite. They initially discover that the microorganism is contained within a delivery system of buckyballs, a technology more advanced than anything known at present. The team theorizes that Andromeda may have an extraterrestrial origin, as it has no DNA or amino acids. The team discovers Andromeda is an airborne microorganism that kills its host by entering the bloodstream through the lungs and coagulating the blood in the body, causing death within 10 seconds via a blood clot in the brain. Those who manage to survive the blood clot become insane, extremely violent and suicidal. It is revealed that the two survivors from Piedmont had not been affected by Andromeda because of their acidotic blood. However, all initial tests with antibiotics and chemical agents regularly used to kill other microorganisms show no effect on Andromeda. Cable news reporter Jack Nash becomes aware of some of the events related to the fallen satellite and Andromeda. As he investigates further, Chuck Beeter, the Director of the NSA, uses General Mancheck's aide, Colonel Ferrus, to perform assassinations to prevent knowledge of Andromeda from reaching the civilian population. Nash travels to one of the temporary Army outposts performing quarantine procedures, and witnesses the effects of Andromeda spreading through various modes of transportation. He becomes a target of assassination due to his presence at the outpost, but manages to escape Ferrus and his subordinates. In an attempt to neutralize the problem, the President of the United States authorizes a small tactical nuclear strike on the quarantine area in hopes of completely irradiating and destroying Andromeda. When the Wildfire team is informed, they realize that they have not reviewed the test results for irradiating Andromeda. They find that the microorganism grows at an exponential rate when irradiated. The Wildfire team alerts the President, and the air-strike is called off before the pilot launches the nuclear missile. However, as the jet continues to fly over the quarantine area, the pilot reports a malfunction of the aircraft's controls. Through video feed, the Wildfire team and President watch in shock and horror as all plastic components of the aircraft, including the pilot's visor, disintegrate. The nuclear missile is re-armed, the jet and missile crash into the ground, and the missile detonates, irradiating the quarantine area. The team examine the footage of the crash, and realize that Andromeda did not attack the pilot until after the missile launch sequence was halted, leading the team to believe that Andromeda has the ability to think. They also realize that Andromeda has mutated into several variations, with different means of spreading and different effects. As Andromeda grows and mutates into more virulent forms, the Wildfire team continue their tests to find a way to stop Andromeda before it reaches Las Vegas, the closest city to the quarantine zone with an international airport. Further studies reveals Andromeda is actually a sulfur-based compound. A set of tests with phages reveals that one phage has the ability to kill Andromeda. However, repeated tests with this phage prove unsuccessful, causing the Wildfire team to theorize that Andromeda can communicate through an unknown mechanism between its separate parts. A binary code encoded on buckyball casings with potassium and rubidium atoms is also discovered. The information included the 6-digit number “739528” and the word “Bacillus infernus” encoded in ASCII, and a bitmap image of a symbol with interlocking triangles. Bacillus infernus is the name of an archaebacterium found only at the thermal vents on the ocean floors. At this time President Scott was championing the new and controversial industry of thermal vent mining, and it was likely that the mining would eradicate the bacteria. The encoded information causes Stone to realize Andromeda must have a connection with Earth, and leads Stone to force General Mancheck to reveal the truth about the satellite. Mancheck reveals “Project Scoop,” a confidential mission to examine a wormhole that had appeared near Earth. It consisted of a satellite sent to collect organic samples, but it malfunctioned during the mission and crashed. With this information, the Wildfire team infer that Andromeda could have been sent from Earth's future, possibly because society in the future could not destroy the contagion due to a lack of a natural resource - Bacillus infernus. Tests with Bacillus infernus reveal that the bacterium easily consumes and destroys Andromeda because of Andromeda's sulfur structure. The Wildfire team begins to grow large amounts of the bacterium in culture vats, intending to release the cultures over the quarantined area once a sufficient quantity is grown. The team also begins to destroy the remaining samples of Andromeda in the lab in an attempt to prevent Andromeda from communicating the nature of the tests with its other parts. Eventually, enough bacteria are grown and they are sprayed over the quarantined area, eradicating all traces of Andromeda from the environment. As part of a government conspiracy to preserve Andromeda for future use, Colonel Ferrus blackmails Dr. Barton to keep a sample. The sample mutates and disintegrates the sample casing, setting off the lab's contamination breach sensor and initiating the self-destruct sequence. The self-destruct sequence also causes the flashing emergency lights to turn on, triggering Chou's photosensitive epilepsy, which causes him to inadvertently destroy the self-destruct control panel on the lab level of the complex. With the elevators deactivated due to the self-destruct sequence, Keane decides to climb to the control panel on the level above through the lab's main exhaust vent. However, the pipes and other components in the vent have begun to deteriorate due to the mutation in the Andromeda sample. The pipe Keane climbs suddenly bends, dangling Keane above the radioactive water at the base of the vent. Before falling, Keane manages to throw his badge to Stone. Realizing Keane's right thumb is also required to shutdown the self-destruct sequence, Chou sacrifices his life to enter the radioactive water to cut off Keane's thumb for Stone. With Keane's thumb and badge, Stone reaches the control panel and deactivates the sequences; albeit with only seconds to spare. As the remaining Wildfire team attends the funerals of their fallen colleagues, both General Mancheck and Colonel Ferrus are secretly assassinated. Dr. Stone reveals some of the events to the public in an interview with Jack Nash. In the final scene, the saved sample of the Andromeda is inserted into a containment compartment with the access code “739528”, held in a vessel marked with a symbol with interlocking triangles. Director Beeter watches over the operation on the computer in his office. The camera then zooms out, revealing Andromeda has been stored within a space station orbiting Earth.The ending implies that the sample saved on the space station is the cause of the outbreak in the future that necessitated sending the virus back to the present via the wormhole, creating an ontological paradox as to the virus' origin.
8423977	6 Alvarez House in Bandra, Mumbai, is the residence of myopic, widowed, devout Hindu, Satyabol Shashtri , who lives there with his daughter, Shivani . Shivani is in love with her Christian neighbor, Arjun Fernandes , who is a mechanic and lives with his wanna-be singer sister, Julie , and a younger ailing sister, Titli. Satyabol disapproves of Arjun and wants his daughter to get married to Sarju Maharaj Banaraswale's son. Other than Satyabol chasing Badshah, the pet dog of Arjun, and ending up in the woman's bathroom, the area is fairly peaceful. Then arjun and his friends try to think of a plan to stop sarju from marrying his son to shivani but cannot so arjun calls his cousin Kishan To help them. Kishan comes in the disguise of sarju maharaj banaraswale by tricking the real sarju into getting of the and as soon as he gets of the train some goons who think he is a relative of kishan catch him and take him to find out where kishan is. Meanwhile kishan becomes sarju and convinces satyabol shashtri that his  son is not good for his daughter by dancing in the bar and kissing Julie who was in the act then shashtri says to the fake sarju that he does not want to marry his daughter to sarju's son and that he can go now so having finished his mission kishan prepares to leave when arjun tells him to stay back as he loves julie but kishan refuses saying that he is not destined for julie then after arjun goes and Rana turns up with the real sarju but when kishan says that all the is with sarju they leave kishan and run after sarju while kishan escaped, disguised himself as a woman named sunaina and said 'she' was arjun's aunty and soon shashtri falls into love with her.Then in the neighbourhood also comes Matha prasad who runs a dairy farm And moonlights as the hit man Of Bangkok based underworld Don, Carlos. And the once honest cop mane  Team up with carlo's girlfriend sania Is on the lookout for hidden diamonds And facing bankruptcy - Carlos himself - As they face off in One of the most hilarious stand-offs to seek wealth and to fulfill their individual dreams.
6014959	Raj Kumar is an honest, handsome and intelligent young man to boot. He works as a sole Trader therefore a painter by trade, but unable to earn a living, and unable to pay rent to his kind-hearted but talkative landlady, Mrs. D'sa. One day Raj finds a wallet containing money, and he returns it to the owner, Ramnath. Ramnath admires Raj and pleased with his honesty employs him to work in his office as a Receptionist. Raj meets with Ramnath's maidservant, Asha, and soon both fall in love. This all ends when Raj finds out that Asha is really Aarti, the daughter of his employer. He then alienates himself from his employer and his daughter, and looks after his ailing landlady by cooking and serving her daily meals. Unfortunately, she passes away suddenly. The police conduct a post-mortem, and as a result find out that Mrs. D'sa was poisoned. Raj became the prime suspect and is subsequently taken for questioning, and is arrested and held in a cell. In the trial that he faces, however, Ramnath reveals the truth and thus Raj is saved.
35002799	In Pieces is a posy of images taken over the last ten years that show family moments, reflections on life and death, on disappointments and successes, on aging and exile. This family chronicle becomes the chronicle of a country, of a society, as observed by Hakim Belabbes from inside and outside.
26283768	Benny , Monk  and Matthew  are three small-time crooks trying to escape a police dragnet in New York City. After hiding in a church and taking minister's suits and dog collars, they emerge, dressed as priests, and find shelter in an abandoned Bowery mission. When beat cops mistake them for real ministers sent to restore the soup kitchen, they're forced to go along with repairs, holding services and feeding the poor. They have to decide whether to stay, steal the mission money and run; or, change their lives. Like the Priest allowing Jean Valjean to escape, in Les Misérables, it's the first time they've been treated with respect, and had a chance to do some good work, for awhile. The question is whether the police detectives or junior priests will turn them in before they even have a chance.
4268056	Seven years after World War II, a 12-year old boy named David  escapes a Stalinist labor camp in Bulgaria where he has spent his entire life. He sets out on a risky journey to Denmark, initially believing he is on an important mission to deliver a letter, but eventually discovering that the "mission" was to reunite him with his mother, of whom he only has faint memories. Along his journey, he faces danger, fear, loneliness, hunger, and encounters various people. Johannes , his friend and mentor in the camp, who prepares him for escape, is killed by a guard, leaving David to face escape on his own. David is helped by a guard to escape, who gives him a compass and tells him he must go southwest to Greece, take a boat to Italy and finally go north to Denmark, a peaceful and neutral country. Since David was locked in a camp all his life, he has repressed feelings and trusts no one, and so feels lost and disoriented in the world. Along his journey, though he is mistreated by some people, he is well-treated by others. Gradually he learns that some people can be trusted, and to open up and experience his own feelings. Finally, with the help of decent people whom he has learned to trust, David and his mother are reunited.
15842654	The story tells of Harry Howells , a recent college graduate who's madly in love with his sweetheart Ethel  and hopes to marry her. His woman hating uncle, however, Fire chief Amos McCarthy , tells his nephew to avoid marriage because all women want is money. Even though Harry is determined to marry Ethel, it seems his uncle was right: Ethel is a gold-digger. Harry is crestfallen. Her sister, Mary Morgan , however, is very interested in Harry. Still, unhappy, Harry spends the night in the firehouse. That night the fire alarm goes off, and it gives hapless Harry a chance to prove his mettle.
5719024	Rancher Taw Jackson  is shot by a gunman for hire, Lomax , and wrongfully imprisoned. His land and property are then confiscated by corrupt businessman Frank Pierce  who knows gold was discovered on Jackson's ranchlands, and hired Lomax to shoot Taw. Released early from prison, Jackson cuts a deal with Lomax because he's a safe-cracker, to ally against Pierce. Together, they plot to steal a shipment of gold being transported in a "war wagon," a heavily armored stagecoach armed with a deadly Gatling gun in a top-mounted steerable turret. They assemble a gang and plan to rob the war wagon at the weakest point in the route it travels. Things don't quite work out as planned. Pierce dies in a shootout with one of his own men trying to escape from the war wagon. Taw still manages to recover a portion of the gold shipment.
25480074	Bernard "Bernie" Fine is a highly successful businessman who moves from New York City to San Francisco for his work at the west coast Wolff's department store. One day, he meets Liz O'Reilly, a single mother who was left by her husband Chandler Scott around the time of her daughter Jane's birth. Although his mother Ruth, a proud Jew, is not enthusiastic about Liz's religious background, Bernie eventually marries her. Soon, she becomes pregnant and gives birth to a son, Alexander. Life is looking great for the couple. Everything changes when Chandler Scott comes back into their lives. Liz, fearing he will be a part of Jane's life, offers him $25,000 to leave without ever returning. This is despite their lawyer's strong advice not to offer him money, explaining it is illegal. Meanwhile, after Alexander is born, Liz is diagnosed with bone cancer. She refuses chemotherapy until Bernie encourages her it's the right thing to do, although Liz tells Bernie she will continue her job teaching at elementary school and finish out the school year. But as Liz begins to lose her hair, Ruth turns around and buys a wig for her, and apologizes to Liz for not giving her a chance. Finally Liz decides to give up on chemotherapy, explaining she does not want to spend her final days on medicine. Even though never showing it, Liz's health detoriates and after an emotional farewell she dies. Bernie buys a vacation cottage in Napa Valley, and hopes to start a new life with Jane and Alexander. Tragedy strikes again when Jane is kidnapped by Chandler. Bernie is furious and desperate to save her. Frustrated by the police's incapability to search for her, he uses the help of private detectives to locate her himself. He secretly brings her back home. While Bernie is handling all his current problems, he falls in love with a single doctor, Molly, who lives in Napa. As they become closer, Jane fears she may lose Bernie's love, until Ruth talks with her about how Bernie will never lose love for her, even if he marries somebody new. After Bernie and Molly have been going out for some time, Bernie then decides on staying and starting a new life in Napa, including opening a new store in an old schoolhouse, which he later names "Fine Things," after all the fine things that have come into Bernie's life. After a long time of no communication, Chandler sets a trial date to demand full custody of Jane. Chandler is about to win the case, until evidence is leaked Chandler was involved with a cocaine smuggle. Bernie wins official custody of Jane and they happily live ever after with Molly, Bernie's new girlfriend Jane initially disapproved, but learns to like. The movie closes with Bernie and Molly taking Jane and Alexander to see his new store, and he surprises Jane with a new dog. Knowing how much she means to Bernie, Jane feels she can finally accept a new life, and chooses to call Bernie daddy.
9916970	Vincent Day is a prosecutor who is on the fast track to success. When a man he zealously prosecuted all the way to the electric chair is found innocent, he becomes distressed and quits his job. At the suggestion of a friendly bartender, he decides to switch teams and become a defense attorney specializing in the representation of gangsters and other unsavory people. He will use any tactic to get his clients acquitted, up to and including drinking a slow-acting poison from a bottle of evidence to prove that the substance isn't lethal. The jury acquits the man not knowing that immediately after, Day rushes into a Mob doctor's office for a pre-arranged stomach pump. Celia Farraday is a young secretary recently arrived in the city from a small town in Kentucky. When Day makes play for her, she spurns his advances, loyal to her fiance, Johnny. When the fiance is framed for a crime committed by one of Day's clients, Day's affection for Celia not only prompts Day to defend Johnny by implicating his client in the crime, but to reconsider his life of getting criminals out of jail sentences. However, his associates send him a message that his departure will not be allowed. He lets them know that he has all of their secrets in a safe-deposit box, along with instructions for the bank to forward the contents to the District Attorney in the event of his unnatural death. They call his bluff and he is shot while leaving his office to attend Celia's wedding. On the way to the hospital, he tells his faithful secretary that the criminals were wrong to call his bluff and that the information will be on the way to the DA. The movie leaves it ambiguous whether Day, shot several times, will survive his wounds.
265033	A group of criminal aliens called the The Nerdlucks, led by their boss, Mister Swackhammer , plot to capture the Looney Tunes characters and make them their newest attractions in order to save their failing amusement park called Moron Mountain from foreclosure and bring in more customers. Seeing how short the aliens are, the Looney Tunes bargain for the freedom by challenging the Nerdlucks to a basketball game. Preparing to cheat in the game, the Nerdlucks return to Earth and steal the basketball talents of Patrick Ewing, Larry Johnson, Charles Barkley, Muggsy Bogues and Shawn Bradley. The Nerdlucks use their stolen talent to become the "Monstars" , gigantic creatures that the Looney Tunes are unable to defeat. To help them win, the characters recruit Jordan, who reluctantly agrees after the Monstars squash him into the shape of a basketball and bounce him around like one. In the beginning of the game between the TuneSquad and the Monstars, the Looney Tunes are injured one by one until only Jordan, Bugs, Lola and Daffy are left in the game, leaving them short one player. Marvin The Martian, who is the referee tells them that if there is no fifth player, the team will forfeit the game. At the last second, Bill Murray appears in the stadium and joins the team, narrowly averting forfeiture. Meanwhile, Jordan reluctantly makes a deal with Mister Swackhammer to spare the Looney Tunes in exchange for his own freedom as his newest attraction if the TuneSquad loses. He readily accepts it and Bugs tries to talk him out of it, apparently aware what it means for Jordan being subjected to humiliation on Moron Mountain for all time. At the game's climax, the TuneSquad are down by one, and it is up to Jordan to score the winning point. Extending his arm with the power of toon physics, Jordan makes the basket and wins the game. He convinces the Monstars that they're bigger than Mister Swackhammer, who yells at them for losing. Fed up with their boss, the Monstars tie him up and send him to the moon. At Jordan's request, they give back the stolen basketball talents from the other players by transferring them to a basketball. This reverts the Monstars back to the tiny Nerdlucks. Refusing to return to Moron Mountain to endure humiliation from their former boss, the Nerdlucks decide to stay with the Looney Tunes who only agree to let them if they can prove to be "looney". Afterwards, Jordan is returned back to Earth in the Nerdlucks' spaceship, where he makes a dramatic and appearance at the baseball game to the cheers of the audience, despite being late. The next day, Michael gives the stolen talent back to the other NBA players. He is later prompted by his rivals to return to the NBA, mirroring his real-life comeback. In a post-credits scene, Bugs Bunny appears in the classic bullseye featured in the original Looney Tunes shorts saying "That's all folks", only to be interrupted by Porky Pig, who in turn is interrupted by Daffy, who in turn gets thrown out by the Nerdlucks, leaving them to complete the line. Michael Jordan then lifts the page to ask if he can go home now.
11102452	 Down a dirty alleyway, Butch the alley cat is scavenging for food. He tries to first steal a bottle of milk, then a whole ham from Tom and Jerry's house, but is unwittingly thwarted both times by Tom, who is oblivious to Butch's efforts. Undaunted, Butch decides to disguise himself as an abandoned baby on the doorstep in order to infiltrate the house and gain access to the well-stocked refrigerator in the kitchen.  The ruse works, and Tom brings Butch into the house. Butch finds that, between having to outwit and outmaneuver both Tom and Jerry, getting his paws on the ham proves difficult. Tom gives him milk, and dumps him into a bassinet holding a steaming disinfectant boiling water bath. He screams and lands in the soapy water, cleaning himself and Tom at the same time, as he dumps his host in the bath as well. He gains sympathy from Tom against Jerry by pointing after the mouse and crying like a baby, but Jerry eventually turns the tables when he alerts Tom to Butch emptying contents of the refrigerator into his bassinet. Butch, his cover blown, nearly makes his escape, but Tom and Jerry team up to ensure that Butch leaves the house empty-handed. At the dinner table, Tom slices some ham for Jerry and for himself. Butch, still in his baby disguise, suddenly appears at the window, asking for some ham in baby talk. Grudgingly amused by Butch's sheer nerve, Tom passes the ham to him; at first, he cuts off only a tiny sliver. But Butch then grabs the entire ham and begins gobbling it down greedily as he fights off Tom and Jerry.
14711494	Old pals Jake Lee, Tex Clarke and Dizzy Davis flew together in the Army  during World War I. Almost twenty years later, Jake is the manager of the Newark, New Jersey branch of Federal Airlines, a New York-based airline company. Tex works as an airmail pilot and Dizzy, also still flying planes, is seeking employment with his friends. Prior to his hot-shot arrival , a New York associate warns Jake about Dizzy, calling him unreliable and troublesome. Insulted, Jake replies that Dizzy is one of the best pilots in the country, telling a few stories about his fearlessness and bravery. Jake hires Dizzy as an airmail pilot. Dizzy is immediately attracted to 'Tommy' Thomas, a 19 year old girl also working there, who has just learned to fly solo. In order to go on a date with her, Dizzy, scheduled for a flight to Cincinnati in the evening, pretends he is suddenly sick and gets Tex to replace him. Tex makes it to Ohio, but on the way back to New Jersey, finds himself in a cold and heavy fog. Though there is zero visibility and he is having radio problems, he attempts to land in Newark. He crashes into one of the airport hangars and the plane catches on fire. Tex is taken to the hospital where he later dies. Tex's wife Lou, who was never very fond of Dizzy, blames him for her husband's death. She calls him selfish and irresponsible and says that he hurts everything he touches. Dizzy, overwhelmed with guilt, returns to the airport. Meanwhile, the weather has gotten even worse and Jake has canceled all other flights. In addition, the aviation authorities have revoked Dizzy's pilot license, for extraneous reasons. Jake consoles Dizzy on account of both losses and then goes home for the night, leaving him temporarily in charge. Another pilot, unaware of the cancellation, comes into the operations building, ready for his normally scheduled flight. Chagrined and burdened with his culpability, Dizzy demands the man explain how the newly acquired and, as of yet, untested aircraft de-icers function, then knocks the man unconscious and irrationally takes his plane. Jake and the others are devastated when they find out. Dizzy radios information over to them about the de-icers. They work to a degree, but the system is flawed. He reports by radio on the problems of the system and his recommendations for modifications, knowing that he will watch progressive icing until he dies. He does not make it through the snow storm.
2155517	Philip and Alexandria Marcus are a young couple who decide to take a vacation to a friend's house in the Arizona desert to rekindle their passion, only to have their vacation turn into a nightmare when they cross paths with a homicidal ex-con named Randall and his seductive hitchhiking partner/lover Maggie who hold Philip and Alex hostage in their house, thus beginning a web of mind games, deceit and lust among all four involved.